[PAGE 1]
RULEBOOK


[PAGE 2]
Overview ........................................................................................... 2 
 
Prologue ............................................................................................ 3
 The Monster..................................................................... 5
 The Hunters......................................................................8
 Combat Board...............................................................11
 Prologue Setup.............................................................13
 How To Play....................................................................17
 End of Prologue .........................................................36  
 
Campaign Rules ..................................................................... 37
 Component List ........................................................ 39
 Key Concepts .............................................................43
 Campaign Setup ...................................................... 55
 Playing a Campaign ...............................................58Expedition Rules .................................................................... 65
 Setup and Play ..........................................................65
 Hunter Decklists .......................................................81  
 
Additional Rule s..................................................................... 89
 Terrain...............................................................................89
 Monsters..........................................................................91  
 
Glossary ....................................................................................... 103
 Icons................................................................................ 103
 Keywords.......................................................................106  
 
Index.............................. ....................................................... 116
Components Storage ...................................................... 120TABLE OF CONTENTS
1

[PAGE 3]
Primal: The Awakening  is a cooperative game for 1-4 players set in an epic fantasy world where humans are 
struggling to survive in an untamed wilderness. The game is played through a series of scenarios in which players 
take on the role of hunters battling monstrous creatures, as they embark on quests to defend humanity and  
uncover the mystery of The Awakening .
Players can set up standalone scenarios in Expedition mode , or instead play multiple scenarios that are linked 
together in one epic storyline in Campaign mode . 
This Rulebook  guides you through the learning process step by step, starting with the introductory scenario in the 
Prologue  and then gradually exploring the Campaign and Expedition rules. 
Primal: The Awakening can be played as 
a series of multiple game sessions linked 
together by an overarching storyline.
The Campaign mode  features:
 •A story to be discovered:  Choose your  
 own path through the 30 different  
 campaign quests and explore the lore  
 of the game. 
 •Crafting:  Craft your weapons and  
 equipment using the materials you  
 collect from slaying monsters.
 •Character progression:  Level up your  
 character and customize your deck  
 and playstyle.The Expedition mode is designed for 
players who prefer playing quick, one-shot 
scenarios over a longer campaign game.
The Expedition mode  features:
 •Standalone scenarios: Choose from  
 a wide variety of scenarios and set  
 the complexity level as you wish. 
 •Quick and easy setup:  Follow simple  
 setup rules and start playing within  
 minutes.
 •Customization options:  Build your  
 own hunter or use one of the  
 ready-to-play preconstructed decks.You start your adventure with the Prologue  (page 3) , which is a tutorial that teaches 
the basics of the gameplay and serves as the first scenario of the Campaign mode.  
This is your first step into the game.
CAMPAIGN MODE
The Campaign rules are covered in detail 
on page 37 .The Expedition rules are covered in detail 
on page 65.OVERVIEW
PROLOGUE
EXPEDITION MODE
2

[PAGE 4]
As you are walking toward the heart of the ancient Crimson 
Forest, warm, damp air rises from the ground. From afar, the 
scarlet foliage on the trees looks as if hundreds of little flames 
have been lit to heat the forest, like candles whose fiery 
tongues are no longer flickering but frozen in time. Silently, you 
push through the vegetation that meanders around the massive 
trunks of dark wood.
You are a newly formed squad, hand-picked by the 
Commander specially for this expedition. Dareon has been 
silent and brooding throughout the journey. You see him staring 
distrustfully at the forest with a look as hard as the blade he 
carries over his shoulders. In the vanguard, Mirah precedes 
the rest of the squad, striding gracefully and seemingly at 
ease, even in that unknown forest, as if nothing could escape 
her keen senses. Thoreg and Ljonar, a little further behind, are 
bringing up the rear of the squad. The former, in his shiny armor, 
has measured, confident strides; he has the experience and 
composure of a leader. The latter walks in line with the rest of 
the group, his towering shield hooked over his shoulder; he has 
the look of someone willing to bear any weight for the sake of 
the squad and his companions.
When you reach a crossroads in the undergrowth, you stop 
to consult the map: the missing seekers were exploring the 
valleys west of Woltyar. It is not the first time you have had to 
make your way through hostile territory like this. For as long 
as you have known the region, nature on Thyrea has always 
been indomitable and ferocious. Monstrous creatures lay 
claim to their territories, and ever since the people of Alborea 
first landed on the island, they have lived in acknowledgment 
of this natural hierarchy and taken refuge behind the walls of 
their fortified city. Only Seeker and Hunter squads like you can 
travel beyond the borders of Alborea, in search of resources and 
answers to the island’s secrets.
You are now close to the point marked by the Commander, 
while the path under your feet seems to be trying its best to 
disappear among the tree roots and thorny red bushes along 
the trail. Suddenly, the unexpected happens: a deep roar in the 
distance breaks the silence of the march. All around you, cries 
and calls from animals and beasts ring out from all parts of the 
forest. As soon as you can, you find a gap in the tree canopy. 
Mirah, ahead of you all, stands transfixed as she stares at the sky. Pinnacles of ash rise from Woltyar’s caldera, forming a black 
cloud that expands across the sky. After having lain dormant for 
centuries, the great volcano of Thyrea has awakened!
The earth shakes violently. ‘There’s no time for fear’ – that is 
what the Commander would always say during training. You run 
frantically, like predators mowing down roots and jumping over 
shrubs that hinder your passage. You find a small clearing from 
where you can observe the grim, terrifying spectacle. This event 
will change everything. You are sure of it, but you still cannot 
even begin to imagine just how much.
You notice Ljonar pointing his finger to the sky, squinting his 
eyes in an effort to see in the distance. From the curtain of ash, 
the silhouette of a creature with outstretched wings that has 
never been seen before emerges. Like a fiery lava bomb hurled 
from the mountain, a large, blood-red dragon can be seen flying 
at great speed over the expanse of scarlet foliage under which 
you have taken shelter. Its roar echoes through the valleys of 
Woltyar as if trying to unleash the wrath of the forest. 
Just when you have got your hopes up that it has not caught 
the scent of you, the creature veers toward the clearing and 
swoops down on top of you. You leap out of the way, evading its 
impact just in time. You roll on the ground to the sharp sound of 
metal clunking as the dry grass of the clearing gets caught on 
your armor. You look up and the huge dragon is towering over 
you, angrily sniffing the air. You try to think quickly, scanning 
the nearby bushes and studying the battlefield. You shout over 
the beast’s growl and frantically form a line to face it. Its hot 
veins pulsate and glow all along its muscular body. The fury of 
the volcano itself appears before you when the monster’s huge 
jaws open violently to make way for the flash of flames ready to 
engulf you. But you, hunters, have no time for fear. 
Read through the following sections. They will 
teach you the fundamental concepts of the game.
Set up the scenario according to the instructions 
on page 13.
Learn how to play through a scenario by reading 
the rules on page 17 .
PROLOGUE
3

[PAGE 5]
4

[PAGE 6]
THE MONSTER
In Primal: The Awakening,  the goal of the game in each 
scenario is to defeat the corresponding monster.  
In the Prologue  scenario, you will be fighting Vyraxen . 
This section features an overview of the components and 
key concepts relating to the monster.
1. Miniature:  Each monster is represented by a  
  unique miniature.
2. Monster board: This features the following  
 information:  
        2a. Monster’s name  
        2b. Trophy icon  
        2c. Monster element (large icon) and   
        elemental weaknesses (smaller icons)  
        2d. Health track  
        2e. Behavior slots (x3)
3. Behavior deck: This is the main monster deck  
       and determines its unique moves during   
 combat.
4. Stance deck:  Stance cards represent the  
 different stages of the combat. As the monster  
 suffers wounds, it progresses through its stances.11
Behavior  
discard pile
4433
776622cc22aa
22bb
88
5. Peril Deck: These are special abilities that   
 relate to the various stances .
6. Objective card:  Players may wish to complete  
 the objective to gain the bonuses and   
 advantages described in the card text.
7. Attrition deck:  These cards are used during  
 the Attrition phase, in which players are at risk  
 of suffering damage based on the cards they  
 played during their turn .
8. Struggle tokens: The monster accumulates  
 these tokens over the course of the game.  
 The struggle tokens represent the intensifying  
 rage of the monster.552222dd
Vyraxen component overview
122ee
1
1
1
1
5

[PAGE 7]
Refresh valueMonster trophy
Reaction icon
Aggression icon
Name
Card trait
Base ability text
Boost cost
Boost ability textMonster trophy
Behavior card (front) Behavior card (front)  
with Boost effectBehavior card (back)Each monster comes with its own deck of behavior  
cards, which are identifiable by the corresponding  
monster trophy, and which represent that monster’s  
unique moves and attacks.
During combat, the monster will activate behavior  
cards in response to the player’s actions.  
Each behavior card has a reaction icon  (on the back) that  
corresponds to a specific trigger condition in the game.  
The reaction system is explained in detail on page 31.
The players will have to learn the specific behavior pattern of the  
monster to avoid its most powerful attacks and better plan their moves.
All the details concerning how cards are activated and resolved will be explained in the How To Play  
section on page 32.The monster’s health is tracked throughout the game using the Health track.  
The monster starts the game with 10 health, which you indicate with the health marker. 
During the game, players will reduce the monster’s health by inflicting wounds. When its health reaches 0, 
the monster is defeated.  Damage and wounds are explained in more detail in the How To Play  section on page 23.HEALTH TRACK
BEHAVIOR CARDS
Flavor text
Health marker
6

[PAGE 8]
Stance cards represent the different stages 
of the combat. Each monster comes with 
3 stance cards, which are labeled with the 
Roman numerals I / II / III.
The monster starts the game in Stance I  
and then advances to the subsequent  
stances, becoming more dangerous as  
it suffers wounds during the game.
Each stance is associated with specific peril and objective cards via its stance number.  
Peril cards are special abilities that are active during the corresponding stance, while objective cards 
are opportunities for the players to get bonuses and advantages, as long as the player can meet the 
specific conditions described in the objective text. 
Trophy icon Card name  
and monsterAggression iconCorresponding stance
Peril textObjective
text
Aggression icon Trophy icon
Peril and objective cards come into play together with their corresponding stance, and are removed 
when that stance is complete. The progression through the stances is explained in detail on page 23.Peril card Objective cardThe gameplay is described in full detail 
in the How To Play  section.
Stance  
progression  
value
Exposure diagramDamage  
valueAggression  
level
Toughness 
value
Stance number  
(Roman numerals)
Stance IStance IIStance III
Corresponding stance
Card name  
and monsterSTANCE CARDS
PERIL AND OBJECTIVE CARDS
7

[PAGE 9]
This section features an overview of the components 
and key concepts relating to the hunters.
In the game, the players form a group of 2-4 hunters, 
with each player choosing one character from among 
the four available.  
Each hunter has their own combat style and is 
associated with a unique weapon type, identified by 
a specific class icon.The minimum size for the hunter group is 2.  
You can play the game solo by taking the place 
of other players and controlling a minimum of 2 
characters at the same time.
1. Miniature : Each hunter is represented by a  
 unique miniature.
2. Hunter board : This features spaces and slots  
       to organize your play area.
3. Action deck: The action cards represent the  
 offensive and defensive moves you can make  
 during combat.Below is an example of the player area for Dareon (Great Sword) :
Discard pile
22 3344
1155
4. Mastery card:  This is your character’s   
       signature ability, which you will need to unlock  
 during combat.
5. Equipment and Potion cards:  The weapon  
 ( in Dareon’s  example), armor ( ), helm ( ),     
  potions ( ) and special items ( ) are what  
 enable your hunter to face the monstrous   
 creatures of Thyrea .Great Sword
(class icon)DAREON
Hammer
(class icon)Great Bow
(class icon)Sword and Shield
(class icon)THE HUNTERS
SOLO MODE
THOREG MIRAH LJONARSOLO MODE
8

[PAGE 10]
Action cards are the skills and moves your hunter 
can perform during combat.
Action cards are divided into defensive ( ) and  
offensive ( ) cards. There are four types, and 
each type has a different color . 
The Dodge ( ) and Parry ( ) are defensive 
cards, while the Maneuver ( ) and Attack ( ) are 
offensive cards.
The way you play cards from your hand and their  
corresponding effects are explained in detail on 
page 21.
Offensive Defensive
Attack card Maneuver card Parry card Dodge card
Stamina 
costCard type icon
Aggro 
iconAbility 
Tex t
Stamina  
iconsCard ID
Card traitACTION CARDS
9

[PAGE 11]
Each player has a mastery card associated with their action deck that represents a signature ability. 
This ability is an important aspect of the character’s gameplay strategy.  
Note:  Always  keep your mastery card separate from your action deck.
Focus value
Focus ability text Mastery ability textName Name
Card ID Card ID
Unfocused side Focused sideFocused icon
Class iconWeapon name and level
Ability textAction deck 
composition
Weapon damage
Armor name  
and level
Health pointsArmor and helm cards determine your health in combat. 
The sum of the health points of your equipped armor 
and helm is your health value , which  is the amount 
of damage you can sustain before being KO’d (more 
details on being KO’d on page 29).Weapon cards determine how much damage your attack 
cards deal ( weapon damage ).
They also determine the composition of your action deck: 
The exact number of cards of each color you must 
include in your action deck is shown on the left side  
of your weapon card . 
Note:  Advanced  weapons will allow players to customize 
their deck according to their favorite playstyle.
6 x Attack
6 x Maneuver
6 x Parry
6 x DodgeAt the beginning of the game, mastery cards are unfocused (i.e. on their unfocused side). Then, as the 
game progresses, players will have the opportunity to focus their mastery (i.e. turn it to its focused side) 
by meeting the specific conditions indicated on the card.  Once focused, your mastery will give you a 
powerful ability for the rest of the game.  Focusing your mastery card is explained in full on page 25.
Helm/Armor icon
Weapon card
Helm/Armor cardEQUIPMENT CARDS
Helm name  
and levelMASTERY CARDS
10

[PAGE 12]
In Primal: The Awakening,  the combat board represents the location where the fight takes place.  
The monster always occupies the center of the board,  as shown in the image below. The board is divided into 
four sectors, each one relating to a specific side of the monster (i.e. front, flanks and rear).  
Note:  Always refer to the sectors as front sector, flank sector and rear sector , based on their corresponding side 
of the monster.
Combat board layout
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10FLANKFLANK FLANKFLANKREARREAR
FRONTFRONT
Round  
tracker
Combat board
The bases of the monster miniatures feature raised 
segments, which indicate the monster’s front side (which 
designates the front sector) and help players to position 
the miniature correctly on the combat board.
During the game, the monster will change its orientation 
by turning to players in specific sectors.  
When that happens, rotate the monster miniature so that 
the segments on its base are aligned with the diagonal 
lines on the board.  
Note:  When the  monster rotates, the sectors of the board 
are redefined based on their corresponding side of the 
monster.COMBAT BOARD
MINIATURE BASE ORIENTATION
11

[PAGE 13]
In this example, Mirah (1) moves from the front sector 
to an adjacent flank sector (2). Later in the game, the monster changes its orientation by turning 
to Thoreg (1). This means that Thoreg is now in the front sector, 
while Dareon (2) is in the flank sector and Mirah is to the rear (3). 
The natural environment of the combat scene is represented by terrain tokens.  
The setup rules for each scenario will indicate the type and exact number of terrain tokens to be placed, 
as well as their position on the board.
Each terrain token will be placed in one of the sectors of the board, and applies special game effects to 
that sector (the rules for each terrain are explained in detail in the Additional Rules  section on page 89).  
Note:  There are  special types of terrain that will be dynamically added to the board over the course of 
the fight (e.g. a monster may breathe fire across the board or fill the environment with dust!).
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
FRONTFRONT
FLANKFLANKFLANKFLANK
REARREAR
Terrain examples: Cyricae, Baethanis and Brush terrain tokens1122
11
2233During the fight, the hunters can move around the monster between adjacent sectors of the board (movement 
rules are explained in detail on page 19). Since monsters‘ and hunters’ abilities can depend on the sectors, tactical 
positioning is crucial for the players to gain an advantage over the monster or to evade its attacks.
Below are examples of movement and positioning on the board, based on the orientation of the monster.
FRONTFRONTMOVEMENT AND POSITIONING
ENVIRONMENT AND TERRAIN
12

[PAGE 14]
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
Combat boardTo setup and play the Prologue  scenario, you need only the components presented below.  
Any other components will be used in the Campaign and Expedition modes, so can be kept in the box for now.  
Note:  A full  components list can be found on page 39.
Attrition deck
(10x cards)
9x Behavior cards 3x Stance cards (I, II, III)
3x Peril cards Hit the Tail!  objective card
Vyraxen miniature
You can identify Vryraxen’s  monster board and 
cards using the trophy icon and monster name.
While selecting cards, take only: 
 •Stance I, Stance II and Stance III cards  
 that display the symbol 0 (aggression  
 level) on the top left of the card.  
 These are double-sided cards, so use  the 
       side with the correct symbol.
 •Behavior cards that display the following  
 aggression icons: 
  , 
  or  
   
 (a total of 9 behavior cards). 
 •The peril and objective cards, using  
 the side with the aggression icon 
 .Vyraxen  
trophy  
iconGENERAL COMPONENTS
Vyraxen monster boardPROLOGUE SETUP
VYRAXEN  COMPONENTS
8x Stamina 
token6x Struggle 
token4x Strain 
token20x Damage 
token (1/5)3x Bonus 
damage token 
(monster)25x Counter5
10x Damage 
token (10/50)50 1031+3 +1 -1 3 1 +2+14x Threatened 
tokenHealth 
marker3x Trigger 
tokenFirst player 
tokenRound 
markerAggro  
token4x Fire  
terrain token1x Brush  
terrain token1x Cyricae  
terrain token1x Baethanis  
terrain token
4x KO token Stun  
tokenBlind  
token8x Deplete 
tokenVulnerable 
tokenConfused 
token
5x Bonus +1/+3  
damage token  
(weapon)
0
13

[PAGE 15]
Each hunter has their own starter deck for the Prologue , 
consisting of 24 action cards associated with a specific 
mastery card.  Starter decks only include cards 
displaying the card ID "S" on the bottom right of the card.
Note:  The rest of the cards  will become available to the 
players as upgrades as they play through the campaign.
Each hunter’s starting equipment for the Prologue  
includes a level 1 base weapon (take the one that matches 
your hunter class icon), base armor and a base helm.  
Each hunter also takes 1 Alemore  potion card.Each player chooses a character  
to become their hunter. The one you 
choose in the Prologue  will be your 
character for the entire campaign. 
4x Base Helm 
cards4x Base Armor 
cards4x Alemore potion 
cards
Relentless Assault  
(mastery card)Dareon starter deck  
(24 action cards)
Dareon miniature 1x Wound card
 Dareon hunter board Great Sword  
Base Weapon card
STARTER DECK AND EQUIPMENT
Mirah miniature 1x Wound card
 Mirah hunter board Great Bow  
Base Weapon cardMirah starter deck  
(24 action cards)Ultimate Shot  
(mastery card)
Thoreg miniature 1x Wound card
 Thoreg hunter board Hammer  
Base Weapon cardThoreg starter deck  
(24 action cards)
Massive Blow  
(mastery card)
Ljonar miniature 1x Wound card
 Ljonar hunter board Sword and Shield  
Base Weapon cardLjonar starter deck  
(24 action cards)Shield Master  
(mastery card)SOLO MODECHOOSE YOUR HUNTER
S
S
S
S
S
SS
S
14

[PAGE 16]
55
44bb11
2244cc
44aa66
1. Place the combat board  in the center of the  
 table.
2. Place the monster miniature  in the center of  
 the combat board so that the front sector is the  
 bottom one.
3. Place the hunter miniatures  in the front sector.
4. Place terrain tokens as shown in the image:  
 Brush  (4a),  Cyricae  (4b),  Baethanis  (4c).
5. Place the round marker  on the first space of  
 the Round track.
6. Keep all the tokens  indicated on page 13   
 (General Components ) near the board.7.   Set up the monster area as shown in the image.
    7.1 Place the monster board near the combat board,      
          as shown in the image. 
    7. 2  Place the health marker on 10 on the Health track  
         on the monster board.
    7. 3  Shuffle the behavior cards to form the behavior  
         deck and place it near the monster board.
    7. 4  Place the Stance I card and its associated peril  
         and objective cards below the monster board.  
         Any other stance and peril cards will be used later  
         in the game.
    7. 5  Shuffle the base attrition cards to form the   
         attrition deck and place it near the monster board.33SETUP INSTRUCTIONS
Follow the steps below to set up the scenario.  
Note:  The image shows an example of a 2 player setup.
15

[PAGE 17]
5577
8.   Each player performs the following steps:
    8.1  Place your hunter board in front of you on   
          the table.
    8.2  Place your starting equipment and potion   
        cards on your hunter board in the spaces   
        that correspond to their icons.
    8.3 Shuffle your action deck and place it to the  
   left of your hunter board.
    8.4 Place the mastery card associated with  
  your action deck face down (i.e. with the   
          unfocused side face up) to the right of your  
  hunter board.9. Determine the aggro player: Assign the aggro  
      token to one of the players.
10. Each player draws 5 cards from their action  
 deck to form their starting hand.
11. Take the top 3 cards from the behavior deck and  
       place them face down on the monster board in  
       the three behavior slots.
You are now ready to play.8899
16

[PAGE 18]
STEP 2: MONSTER UPKEEP  
Resolve the following steps in order:
1. Behavior Refresh  (skip this phase in round 1) : Look at the behavior cards in play.  
 Discard the behavior with the lowest refresh value and replace it with the top  
 card of the behavior deck.  
 Note:  If more  than one behavior card has the lowest refresh value, discard all  
 behaviour cards tied for the lowest refresh value and replace them.
2. Struggle: The monster gains 1 struggle  (i.e. 1 struggle "per player"; see Player  
 Count Icon  for more details). Each time the monster gains struggle, place that  
 number of struggle tokens onto the monster board.
STEP 3: PLAYER  TURNS  
At the start of this step, the player with the aggro token becomes the first player  
and so receives the first player token.  
The players take turns in clockwise order, starting with the first player.  
The player currently playing their turn is called the  active player .
The player’s turn structure is explained in detail in the next section (on page 19).  
Note:  The round  does not have a step for the monster’s turn.  During the game, the 
monster dynamically reacts to the players’ actions, based on its behavior cards in 
play. The reaction system is explained in detail on page 31.
STEP 4: END OF ROUND  
When all players have  taken their turns, all " At the end of the round " effects are  
triggered. Then the round is over: Advance the round marker by 1 along the Round 
track and begin a new round from step 1.
The icon  is frequently 
used in the game and 
refers to the number of 
players who started the 
scenario.  
The designation X  
indicates an amount 
equal to X multiplied by 
the player count .Refresh value  
(behavior card back)The game is played in a series of rounds. A round consists of the following steps, which must be resolved in order.
STEP 1: CONSUME  
Each player may resolve the  Consume ability on one of their cards  (i.e. any ability text that begins with the 
keyword Consume).  Players resolve these abilities in the order they wish.  
Note:  Each player  can resolve only 1 Consume ability each round. ROUND STRUCTURE
PLAYER COUNT ICONA scenario consists of 10 rounds, in which players win by reducing the monster’s health to 0 (success and 
failure conditions  are explained in detail on page 35).
This section provides a detailed explanation of the rules for playing a scenario.  
It begins by presenting the structure of a round and explaining each step. Then it covers the player’s turn in depth, 
and finally, it explains how the monster behaves during the game. By the end of this section, you should have a 
thorough understanding of the game and will be able to play the Prologue  scenario.HOW TO PLAY
4
17

[PAGE 19]
When the monster gains struggle, if the total amount of struggle accumulated is 
equal to or higher than 3  (i.e. 3 per player) , immediately resolve the following 
steps, in order:
1. All players immediately suffer  (i.e. the monster’s damage value indicated in  
 the current stance, as explained in detail on page 27). 
2. Remove struggle tokens until the monster has 1 per player. Struggle token
Potion cards are an important resource for the players. They give them 
powerful advantages for a limited time.
When resolving a potion card ability, apply the corresponding ability text 
that follows the keyword Consume  and then  remove that card from the 
game  (return it to the box).
The resolution of these steps is called Unleash.
Some monsters focus on accumulating struggle to perform Unleash, while others just spend struggle 
to boost their behavior card effect (the boost effect  is explained in detail on page 32). 
Controlling how much struggle the monster accumulates is an important aspect of the game.  
The players have different ways to remove struggle through their abilities and card effects.  
You will need to find the right balance between attacking, defending and removing struggle.Alemore Potion card
3 1CONSUMING A POTION
STRUGGLE AND UNLEASH
18

[PAGE 20]
Staying in the same sector is dangerous as it makes you an easy target for 
the monster! 
While you are threatened, you have a higher risk of suffering attrition damage 
(the Attrition phase is explained in detail on page 27). In addition, some 
behavior and peril cards interact with your threatened status, meaning that 
threatened players experience the harshest effects.Threatened tokenA player’s turn is divided into the following phases: Movement phase, Action phase, Attrition phase  and finally, 
End of turn . Resolve these phases in the following order.
How to remove your threatened status:  Players can remove their threatened status by moving on the 
board.  When you move, immediately discard the threatened token to indicate that you are no longer 
threatened.PLAYER’S TURN STRUCTURE
Summary:  Check 
whether you suffer 
attrition damage  
based on the  
number of defensive 
cards you played  
this turn.ATTRITION PHASE
Summary:  Play 
cards from your 
hand one at a time, 
resolving their 
specific effect.ACTION PHASE
Summary:  Move 
into an adjacent 
sector or remain in 
your current  
position on the 
board.MOVEMENT PHASE
Summary:  Discard 
any played card and 
refill your hand.  
The monster turns 
to the player with 
the aggro token.END OF TURN
THREATENEDDuring your Movement phase, you choose whether you want to move or stay in your current sector on the board.
 •If you move:  Pay  (1 stamina) to place your hunter miniature in a sector adjacent to your current sector (two  
 sectors of the combat board are said to be adjacent if they share a common border). Paying a stamina cost is  
       explained in detail on the next page.  
 Note: During your Movement phase you can only move once.  
 Note: Unless  specified otherwise, you must pay  every time you move.
 •If you do not move:  You become threatened  and take a threatened token (if you haven’t already).  
 Note:  If you  would become  threatened, but you are already threatened, keep your threatened token (each  
       player can only have 1 threatened token) and trigger any effects that activate when you become threatened.MOVEMENT PHASE
19

[PAGE 21]
The action cards in your hand represent both your combat options and your amount of stamina. 
Many situations in the game will require you to pay a stamina cost (common examples are moving on 
the board or playing an action card from your hand).
Each time you have to pay a stamina cost, you must generate the stamina needed to pay that cost. 
You generate stamina by discarding cards from your hand.  Each card you discard for this generates 
1 stamina for each  icon on its bottom left corner.  
Note:  You may  discard multiple cards to generate enough stamina to pay a cost. If you generate more 
stamina than you need to pay, any surplus stamina is lost.
Stamina cost example: 
Playing a card
Ironblast has a stamina 
cost of 3. If you want to 
play that card, you will 
have to generate 3 stamina 
by discarding cards from 
your hand.
You could discard Heavy Smash ( ) 
and Tenacity  ( ) from your hand to 
generate 3 stamina.
Stamina cost example: Movement
Alice controls Mirah  (1). She wants 
to move from the front sector to an 
adjacent flank sector (2).  
She must pay 1 stamina, and to do  
that she discards Acrobatics  () 
from her hand.
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
FLANKFLANK
1122
FRONTFRONT
STAMINA COST
3
20

[PAGE 22]
ACTION PHASE
During the Action phase, you may perform any of the following actions, in any order. Each action (apart from Revive) 
may be performed as many times as you wish.
 •Play an action card from your hand.
 •Activate an ability that begins with the keyword Action.
 •Revive (only once per turn).
Action cards feature an aggro icon ( ) in the top right  
corner. Cards with the red aggro icon are called aggro cards.
When you play an aggro card in your sequence,  
immediately take the aggro token.  This means you have 
drawn the monster’s attention (it will turn to your sector at 
the end of your turn, as described on page 30).
Aggro icons
AGGRO CARDSDuring your Action phase, you can play up to 5 action cards from your hand,  resolving them one at a time.  
The row of cards you play from left to right is called your  sequence. The order in which you play your action cards 
in your sequence is important for many game effects (e.g. triggering abilities, monsters’ reactions and more).
   
When you  play  a card in your sequence, resolve the card ability text and then its specific effect depending on 
the card color:
Note: Attack cards can only be played if you are in a sector on one of the monster’s exposed sides.  
The exposed sides  are indicated in the exposure diagram on the current stance card (see next page for 
how to identify the monster’s exposed sides). 
Maneuver (Blue):  Remove 1 struggle token  from the monster board.
Dodge (Green) and Parry (Yellow):  These cards do not have any additional effect when played in your  
sequence. When you play a dodge or parry card, simply resolve its ability text.  
Note: The number  of defensive cards you play in your sequence is important  in order to avoid suffering 
damage during the Attrition phase  (the Attrition phase  is described in detail on page 27).PLAYING ACTION CARDS
Attack (Red):  Deal damage to the monster  equal to your weapon damage  (damage and wounds are 
explained in detail on page 23).   In order to play an action card from your hand, you must first pay its stamina cost ( see page 20 for how to pay  
   stamina costs ).
21

[PAGE 23]
frontfrontFLANKFLANK FLANKFLANKREARREAR
Exposed side: Example 1  
According to the exposure diagram on 
the stance card, the front and rear sides 
are exposed. So Dareon  (1) and Mirah  (2) 
are in a sector on one of the monster’s 
exposed sides.
Stance cards feature an exposure diagram that represents 
each side of the monster (oriented with the front sector, i.e. the 
monster’s front side, at the bottom). It indicates which of the 
monster’s sides are exposed  (in red),  and which are protected 
(in black).  
The exposure diagram is important so you can establish if players 
are able to play attack cards based on their position on the board.
Below are two examples of gameplay situations that will 
help you understand how to correctly identify the sides that 
are exposed/protected.
Exposed side: Example 2  
The monster is oriented toward Ljonar’s  
sector (3). According to the exposure 
diagram, the monster’s exposed sides are 
the front and the rear. This means only 
Ljonar  (3) and Thoreg  (4) are in a sector 
on one of the monster’s exposed sides.Example 1: Combat board
Example 2: Combat boardExposure diagramEXPOSED SIDES
33441122
22

[PAGE 24]
When you deal damage to the monster, place that number of damage tokens onto the current stance card.  
Then if the total damage the monster currently sustains is equal to or higher than the current stance card’s 
toughness value, perform the following steps to inflict a wound : 
1. Reduce the monster’s health  by 1.
2. Remove an amount of damage tokens equal to the toughness value.
As it suffers wounds, the monster will become increasingly dangerous.  
When the monster’s health reaches the progression value indicated on the stance card, the current 
stance is complete and the monster advances to the next one: 
1. Remove the current stance card from the game.
2. Reveal the next stance card, respecting the stance order (I, II and III).
3. Remove any peril and objective cards in play that correspond  to the completed stance and  
 reveal any cards associated with the next one.
Note:  When the amount of damage the monster sustains is enough to inflict multiple wounds, you must 
inflict one wound at a time, because reducing the monster’s health could cause the stance to progress 
and therefore modify the toughness value (see the example below).Toughness value example:  
In this example, the toughness 
value equals 2 multiplied by 
the player count. Progression value:
In this example, it 
equals 7 .DAMAGE AND WOUNDS
Damage and wounds: Example
This example shows a two-player game, with Vyraxen  in Stance I,  with 9 
health. 
1. Let’s assume that Alice deals 13 damage to Vyraxen  with a single attack.  
She places 13 damage tokens on the stance card, which is enough to  
inflict a wound (the toughness value is 2 per player, which in a  
two-player game makes it 4). Alice reduces the monster’s health by 1  
and then removes 4 damage tokens from the stance card.  
There are still 9 damage tokens on the stance card, which is still enough 
to inflict a second wound: Alice brings the monster’s health down to 7 and 
removes another 4 damage tokens from the stance card.
2. At this point, there are still 5 damage tokens on the current stance  
card, but the stance progression value has been reached, so Vyraxen  
advances to Stance II .  
Any remaining damage is carried over from Stance I  to Stance II , but the 
toughness value in Stance II is 6 (3 per player), and so the remaining damage 
is not enough to inflict a third wound.
To sum up: The total of 13 damage was enough to inflict 2 wounds,  
with 5 damage remaining. 11
22
5
5
5
2
STANCE II7
23

[PAGE 25]
2. Next, Alice plays Dragon Strike. It is an aggro card ( ), so Alice takes the aggro token.  
By playing an attack card ( ), she triggers the card abilities of both Reactive Guard and Aurean Blade (her equipped 
weapon card). Dragon Strike also features a card ability: The triggering icon  means that the ability is triggered 
if the card follows a parry card ( ) in your sequence.  
Alice chooses the order in which she resolves the three abilities. She looks and discard the top card of the attrition 
deck (Aurean Blade’s ability), and then she draws 2 cards (1 for the Dragon Strike ability, and 1 for the Reactive Guard 
ability). Finally, Dragon Strike , being an attack card, deals damage equal to Alice’s weapon damage, which is 4.  
Note:  The keyword  Assist has no effect when the card is played in your sequence (see below for more details).
Playing a card in your sequence may trigger  multiple abilities from the other cards you have in play (i.e. equipment 
cards, mastery cards or any other action cards in your sequence).  
When that happens, the player decides the order in which they resolve the card abilities (i.e. in the order you 
wish, resolve the ability text of the card you played and any other triggered ability text from other cards).  
Note:  You must  resolve all the game effects associated with a card  (including any triggered abilities and  
monster reactions, which are explained in detail on page 31) before playing another card in your sequence.
Below are two examples that show how the order of cards in your sequence can be crucial for setting up powerful 
combos. These examples will also make some of the most common triggering icons in the ability texts more 
familiar to you (all triggering icons are listed and explained in detail in the Glossary  on page 103).
11 22
Sequence: Example 1
1. Alice plays Reactive Guard as the first 
card in her sequence. This is a parry 
card, so other than its ability text, it 
has no effect. The triggering icon  
before the card ability text means that 
the ability will trigger if Alice plays an 
attack card ( ) as the next card in her 
sequence. 
Assist is a very common keyword that features on many action cards.
During another player’s Action phase, before or after any action, you may 
support the active player by discarding a card with the Assist keyword  
from your hand. If you do, the active player immediately draws 1 card .
Each player can only assist once per turn (i.e. the active player may 
receive a maximum of one assist from each other player).  
Note:  All keywords  featured on the card ability texts are explained in the 
Glossary on page 106.
Assist keywordSEQUENCE AND TRIGGERED ABILITIES
ASSIST
24

[PAGE 26]
Sequence: Example 2
1. Bob plays Whirlwind and so takes the aggro token. The card ability is triggered if Bob plays a maneuver and 
an attack card in that order ( ) as the next cards in his sequence. As he has played a maneuver card, he 
removes 1 struggle from the monster board.  
11 33
 22
How to focus your mastery: Example  
Hammer Knight’s focus ability instructs you 
to place a counter on your mastery card when 
you play a maneuver and an attack card in that 
order in your sequence ( ). 
When the second counter is placed on the 
card, the focus value (2) is reached, so you 
immediately flip Hammer Knight  to its focused 
side, which unlocks its mastery ability. 
Unfocused side Focused sideTo focus your mastery card, you must collect the same number of counters as the card’s focus value .  
You can place counters on your mastery card by triggering the card’s focus ability .  
Once you have accumulated the same number of counters as the focus value, discard those counters 
and flip the card to its focused side, so that the mastery ability  is visible and unlocked.  
Note:  Once focused , your mastery is unlocked for the rest of the game.2. Next, Bob plays Charge. He resolves the card ability by choosing another player to draw 1, and then removes 
1 struggle.
3. Finally, Bob plays Dashing Blow, triggering the card abilities of both Whirlwind and Hammer Knight (his  
mastery card). First, Bob decides to place a counter on Hammer Knight , as per the corresponding card ability.  
Then he resolves the card abilities on Dashing Blow and Whirlwind, which both increase the damage of the  
attack. Bob adds those bonuses to his weapon damage, and then deals that total amount of damage to the 
monster.  
Note : In card ability  texts, the class icons (  /  /  /  ) refer to your weapon level . So for example, when 
controlling Thoreg , if you are instructed to increase the damage the attack deals by 3 , that means you have 
to add an amount equal to three times your weapon level.
Focus value
Focus 
ability
1
1HOW TO FOCUS YOUR MASTERY
25

[PAGE 27]
When you do not want to or cannot perform any more actions, your Action phase ends.
At the end of your Action phase, if you have 2 cards or more left in your hand, you gain 1 
stamina token, which you  place on your hunter board. 
Stamina tokens can be used to pay stamina costs: When you are paying a stamina cost, 
you may discard a stamina token to generate 1 stamina .Stamina token
Note:  Unless otherwise specified by card abilities, you cannot hold more than 1 stamina token.END OF THE ACTION PHASESome card abilities are triggered based on specific triggering conditions.  
A triggering condition indicates a particular event in the game or a specific situation that must occur for 
the ability to activate. A triggering condition can be denoted by:
 •Bold text at the beginning of the ability text (which usually begins with the word “when” or “after”).
 •A triggering keyword, in bold.
 •A triggering icon.
All keywords and icons are listed and explained in detail in the Glossary  section on page 103.  
Below are a few examples of triggering conditions for action card abilities.
Note:  Some abilities are triggered out of turn when their triggering conditions are met (e.g. Mirah’s  Cover 
fire). When that happens, simply follow the instructions on the card ability text.
Example of bold text at the 
beginning of the abilityExample of a triggering 
keyword (Opening)Example of a triggering 
icon ( )TRIGGERING CONDITIONS
Revive is an action that allows you to help other players recover faster from their KO status (for more details on 
being KO’d, see page 29). Reviving a KO’d player helps them get back in the fight.
Once per turn, during your Action phase, if you are in a sector with another player who is currently KO’d, you may 
pay  (2 stamina) to revive that player. If you do,  flip that player’s KO token to its black side . 
If the black side is already visible, discard the token instead and that player rises  (see page 29 for more details).REVIVE ACTION
26

[PAGE 28]
The more aggressively you play, the more likely you are to suffer attrition damage. 
During the Attrition phase, the active player must perform an attrition check .   
To perform an attrition check, you resolve the following steps in order: 
1. Reveal the top card of the attrition deck. 
2. Suffer attrition damage unless you have a number of defensive cards (  or ) in 
your sequence equal to or higher than the attrition value revealed. The attrition damage  is 
equal to  (i.e. the monster’s damage value which is shown in the current stance card).
3. Discard the attrition card revealed.
Attrition cardAttrition  
valueATTRITION PHASE
Note:  If you are instructed to reveal the top card of the attrition deck but it is empty, reshuffle the attrition discard 
pile to form a new deck and then reveal the card.
The damage the monster deals depends on the  
current stance and so will vary throughout the 
course of the game.
When a game effect says that a player suffers  , 
that player must suffer the amount of damage shown 
by the damage value in the bottom right corner of 
the current stance card (suffering damage is  
explained in detail on page 29).Damage  
value
Stance card
  If you are threatened , reveal two attrition cards instead of one from the top of the attrition deck and use the   
   attrition value that would give the worst outcome in terms of avoiding attrition damage.
MONSTER’S DAMAGE VALUE
1
27

[PAGE 29]
Attrition: Example 1  
Alice has  in her sequence (as shown in the image below). She reveals an attrition card that 
shows 1 . Since she has 1 defensive card in her sequence, she avoids attrition damage.
Alice’s sequence Attrition deck
Attrition deck
Attrition: Example 2  
Bob is threatened, so he reveals 2 attrition cards instead of 1 from the attrition deck. He must use the 
higher attrition value, which is 2. Since he has only 1  defensive card in his sequence, Bob  suffers attrition 
damage which is equal to 1 (i.e. the current stance card’s damage value).
Bob’s sequenceThreatened token
Bob suffers  
1 damage
1
28

[PAGE 30]
Each time you suffer damage, place that number of damage tokens on your hunter board.  
When your total sustained damage reaches or exceeds your health value (e.g. the sum of your 
equipped armor’s and helm’s health points), you are knocked out (KO’d).
When you are KO’d, perform the following steps in order:
1. If you are the active player, your turn ends immediately (skip any other turn steps).
2. Remove all damage tokens and any other tokens from your hunter board.  
 Note:  If you have  the aggro token, pass it to the first player (if that player is KO’d, pass it to the  
 next player in player order instead).
3. Discard your entire hand of cards, and any cards in your sequence.
4.  Add a  Wound card  to your discard pile and then reshuffle your discard pile into your deck.
5. Choose either your armor or helm card that is not currently depleted and place a deplete token   
 on that card (deplete tokens are explained in detail on page 30).
6. Lay your miniature down on the board to indicate your hunter is knocked out.
7. Take a KO token  and place it on your hunter board (red side face up).
8. The monster turns to the aggro player.
While you are KO’d, you cannot be the target of any card ability or game effect (apart from Revive).
When it would be your turn but you are knocked out, just flip your KO token to its black side . 
Play then passes straight to the next player. If your KO token is already on its black side, you rise , 
by following these steps:
1. Discard the KO token.
2. Draw up to your hand size limit.
3. Stand your miniature up on the board to indicate that you are not KO’d anymore. 
4. Your turn is over (play passes to the next player). 
Note:  Other  players may help you rise faster by performing a Revive action , which is explained in 
detail on page 26. 
KO token  
(front side)KO token  
(back side)
BACK IN 
THE FIGHT!
KO and Rise: Example
At a certain point in the game, Bob is knocked out. He takes a KO 
token and places it on his hunter board (red side face up).
1. At the beginning of what would be his next turn, Bob flips his KO 
token to its black side and then play passes to the next player.
2. At the beginning of what would be his next turn, Bob discards the 
KO token and rises: He draws up to his hand size limit and stands up 
his hunter miniature on the board.
To sum up: It took Bob two turns to recover from being KO’d and get 
back in the fight.11
22
SUFFERING DAMAGE AND BEING KNOCKED OUT
29

[PAGE 31]
Deplete tokens are placed on armor and helm cards to indicate that the  
equipment is depleted. The health points of depleted equipment do not 
count towards your health value.
 If both your armor and your helm cards get depleted,  you are out of the   
 game until the end of the scenario (your KO token remains on its red side   
 in front of you). Deplete token
DEPLETE TOKENS
Wound cards are special cards that are added to 
your deck as a consequence of being KO’d.  
They clog up your deck, making it less efficient,  
and represent the serious injuries that your hunter  
has suffered.
Each player has their own reserve of 2 Wound cards 
(identify which are yours by checking the hunter 
class icon on the back).
Wound cardWOUND CARDS
At the end of your turn, follow the steps below:
1. Discard your sequence: Discard all cards from your sequence  
 in the order you played them (the last card you played in your   
 sequence becomes the top card of your discard pile).
2. Refill your hand: Draw cards from your deck until you reach   
 your hand size limit (which is 5 by default). If you empty your   
 deck this way, reshuffle your discard pile to form a new deck   
 and then draw any remaining cards.  
 Note: If you have  more cards in your hand than your hand size  
 limit before you refill your hand, discard down to your hand   
 size limit. 
3. Monster rotation : Turn the monster to face the aggro player   
 (the player with the aggro token).
Play now passes to the next player. When each player has 
completed their turn, the round ends.When you empty your deck  
(i.e. when you draw or discard the 
last card of your deck), you suffer 
damage equal to your weapon level.  
This damage is called fatigue 
damage .
Then reshuffle your discard pile to 
form a new deck.END OF THE PLAYER’S TURN
SOLO MODEFATIGUE DAMAGE
30

[PAGE 32]
The game is based around a dynamic reaction system 
in which the monster’s behavior cards are triggered in 
response to specific events and players’ actions.  
There are always three behavior cards in play, set out in 
the three behavior slots on the monster board. 
Each behavior card has a reaction icon on the back that 
represents a specific triggering condition. 
Below are the reaction icons and related triggering  
conditions that you need to know to play the Prologue . 
Note:  You can  find a comprehensive list of all the reaction icons featured in the game on page 93.
Trigger:  After a player plays an attack card in 
their sequence.
Trigger:  After a player plays a maneuver card 
in their sequence.
Trigger:  After a player plays a parry card in 
their sequence.
Trigger:  After a player plays a dodge card in 
their sequence.
Trigger: At the end of the round.Trigger:  When a player starts their turn in 
the front sector.
Trigger:  When a player starts their turn 
in the flank sector.
Trigger:  When a player starts their turn 
in the rear sector.
Trigger:  After a player becomes threatened.  
Note:  If a player  would become threatened but is 
already threatened, this reaction is still triggered.Trigger:  When you resolve another behavior 
card in play (see the Rampage step of the 
Behavior Card Resolution  on the next page).  
Note:  Behavior  cards with this reaction icon 
are called rampage cards .MONSTER REACTION SYSTEM
31

[PAGE 33]
Some behavior cards feature a boost effect at the bottom of the card. 
This is an additional ability that is resolved during the Reaction step 
of the card resolution.
To resolve the boost effect, remove an amount of struggle tokens 
from the monster equal to the related boost cost (1) and then 
resolve the boost ability text.
  Only resolve the boost effect if the monster has enough   
           struggle to pay the boost cost.  
           If the monster does have enough struggle, always remove  
           the required amount of tokens, regardless of the outcome of                           
           the boost effect.
 Boost effectWhen a behavior card in play is triggered, reveal that card (turn it face up) and resolve it by performing the following 
steps in order:
1. Reaction:  Apply its effect by resolving the card base ability text  and its boost effect (if any). 
2. Rampage:  Trigger any rampage cards in play (rampage cards are explained in detail on the next page). 
3. Discard and Replenish:  Discard the behavior card and then refill that behavior slot with the top card of the   
 behavior deck.
Note:  If the effects  of any event or card ability trigger a behavior card in play, completely resolve that event or card 
ability before revealing the triggered behavior card.
Behavior Card Resolution: Example
1. Alice plays a maneuver card in her sequence and 
resolves all effects related to that maneuver card 
(including any triggered abilities on her cards in play). 
2. By playing a , she triggers the behavior card in the 
leftmost slot.
3. Alice reveals the triggered behavior and performs the 
Reaction step by resolving the card ability text and boost 
effect.
4. Since there are no rampage cards in play (behavior 
cards with the  icon), nothing happens during the 
Rampage step.
5. Alice discards the triggered behavior card and refills 
the behavior slot with the top card of the behavior deck.
1122
33
BEHAVIOR CARD RESOLUTION
BOOST EFFECT
32

[PAGE 34]
Behavior cards that feature the  reaction icon are called rampage cards .  
Rampage cards are triggered and revealed during the Rampage step of the resolution of another behavior 
card in play, which is called the triggering behavior. 
When a rampage card is triggered, follow these special rules:
 •A triggered rampage card must be revealed and resolved immediately: Turn it face up and apply its  
 effect by resolving its base ability text and any boost effect. 
 •A triggered rampage card is discarded (and its behavior slot is replenished) along with the  
 triggering behavior card during the Discard and Replenish step of that card’s resolution. 
Note:  If multiple rampage cards are triggered, reveal and resolve those cards one at a time, in the order 
of your choice. Then discard all triggered rampage cards (and replenish their behavior slots) along with 
the triggering behavior card during the final step of that card’s resolution.
Rampage: Example
1. After playing a  in his sequence and 
resolving all effects related to that card, Bob 
triggers the behavior card in the leftmost slot.
2. Bob reveals the triggered behavior card 
and performs the Reaction step by resolving 
the card ability text and its boost effect.
3. Bob resolves the Rampage step by  
triggering the rampage card in play.  
Bob immediately reveals the triggered 
rampage card: He turns it face up and  
resolves its ability text and boost effect.
Finally, Bob discards both the  and the  
triggered rampage card and refills the 
behavior slots with the top two cards of the 
behavior deck.
33
11
22
When the behavior deck is empty (i.e. when the last behavior card of the deck either enters play or is 
discarded by any game effect), immediately reshuffle the behavior discard pile to form a new deck.  
When this happens, the monster gains 1 struggle . This struggle gain is called escalation.RAMPAGE CARDS
ESCALATION
33

[PAGE 35]
When multiple behavior cards in play are triggered, reveal and resolve those cards one at a 
time, in the order of your choosing.
You can use the trigger tokens to indicate that a behavior card has been triggered:  
Simply place the trigger token on the card and then remove it once you reveal that card.  
This is useful for keeping track of multiple triggered behavior cards or when time elapses 
between the triggering event and the behavior card reveal.
The new behavior card that enters play is a 
rampage card (in the leftmost slot). 
3. Charlie reveals and resolves the remaining 
triggered behavior card: They remove the  
trigger token, turn the card face up and resolve 
its effect.
4. During the Rampage step, Charlie triggers 
the rampage card in play.  
They immediately reveal and resolve the 
triggered rampage card: They turn it face up 
and resolve its effect. 
Finally, Charlie discards both the triggering 
behavior card and the triggered rampage 
card. They replenish the behavior slots with 
the top two cards of the behavior deck.Multiple Behavior Card Resolution: Example
1. After playing an attack card in their sequence 
and resolving all effects related to that card, 
Charlie triggers both behavior cards in play 
that have the  reaction icon. To keep track of 
multiple behavior cards to be revealed, Charlie 
places a trigger token on each of those cards.
2. Charlie reveals and resolves the triggered 
behavior cards one at a time and he decides 
to start with the behavior card on the left. They 
remove the trigger token, turn that card face up 
and resolve its effect.  
Since there are no rampage cards in play, Charlie 
discards the behavior card and refills the behavior 
slot with the top card of the behavior deck.11
22
33
Trigger tokenMULTIPLE BEHAVIOR CARD RESOLUTION
44
34

[PAGE 36]
A scenario can end in two ways: Success or failure.
Success:  Players successfully complete the scenario if they reduce the monster’s health to 0.  
Note: When  they inflict the final wound, reducing the monster to 0 health, players immediately win the scenario.
Failure: Players can lose in two ways:
 •When a player is KO’d, if there are no more players standing  (e.g. if all players are KO’d), you have failed  
 the scenario.
 •If you reach the end of round 10, you failed the scenario (the hunters are no longer able to sustain the battle  
 against the monster).  
Note:  Some  monsters might feature special failure conditions. If this is the case, those conditions are explained 
on the corresponding cards.SUCCESS AND FAILURE CONDITIONS
Don’t get discouraged if you lose! The monsters are tough and are designed to provide a challenging experience.  
If you fail, repeat the combat until you successfully complete the Prologue . 
You need to do this before you start your first campaign.TRY AGAIN !Stance  
cardsPeril  
cardsBehavior  
cardsOther  
cardsIt could be that multiple card abilities trigger at the same time. When that occurs, unless otherwise  
specified by the card text, the cards are resolved in the following order of priority, from left to right:
When multiple cards with the same priority are triggered (e.g. two peril cards, or an action card and an 
equipment card), the players decide the order in which to resolve those cards.
This means a player can maximize their combos and synergies by choosing the order in which they 
resolve any simultaneous effects.
CARD RESOLUTION TIMING
Now that you have learned how to play the game, you are ready to play the Prologue ! 
Once you have succesfully completed it, read the next section, End of Prologue,  and then proceed to the 
Campaign Rules . 
Note:  As you  play through the Prologue , we suggest you keep this Rulebook  close at hand and check the 
Glossary  section on page 103 for any keywords or symbols on the cards.LET’S PLAY !
35

[PAGE 37]
END OF PROLOGUE
You have never faced a monster of such size and ferocity. It 
was a Vyraxen. One of the seekers had theorized its existence, 
but a live specimen had never been sighted. Etched into your 
memories, its flaming eyes still seem to be burning.
“There is no trace of the Prime Seeker and his expedition,”  
Thoreg addresses the squad, “if they are still alive, our best hope 
is that they fled from this place before it was too late.” 
All around you, fire dances over what remains of the battleground as the smell of burning fills your nostrils. A deathly 
silence reigns over what has now been transformed into a 
valley of blood and ashes.
Read the next section, Campaign Rules ,  
to learn how to set up and run your first campaign.
Congratulations on completing the Prologue !  
This begins your adventure into the world of Thyrea . 
36

[PAGE 38]
CAMPAIGN RULES
To successfully complete the campaign, players must complete all 11 chapters of the story.  
A chapter is complete, and players move on to the next chapter, when they successfully complete a quest from 
those available for that chapter.  
Note: If you play  with the Hunter’s Trial variant rules, at the end of the campaign you will be given a score as a 
measure of your success (for more details on the Hunter’s Trial variant, see page 63).CAMPAIGN OBJECTIVE
You will be able to replay a campaign as often as you wish. After you have completed a campaign for the first time, 
there will still remain much to be discovered. The background story will be the same, but playing through a campaign 
multiple times will give you the opportunity to encounter different monsters, unlock different quest paths and rewards, 
and uncover more details about the lore of the game.REPLAYABILITY
Campaign bookAs players progress through the chapters, they will fight numerous different  
monsters, gather resources, upgrade their equipment and customize their hunter.
The campaign is designed so you can freely choose your path through the quests. 
The main narrative progresses in the background, and as you choose which quests 
to play through, you will be able to unlock special rewards and shape your own 
path through to the final chapter.  
Note:  The Campaign  book  is required to play the Campaign mode, as it contains all 
the narrative content and setup instructions for each scenario.In Campaign mode, players commence an adventure within the world of Thyrea  that unfolds across multiple game 
sessions, with each game impacting subsequent games.
A campaign is structured in 11 Chapters. Each Chapter moves the story forward and offers the players different 
quests to choose from, which each correspond to a unique game scenario.CAMPAIGN OVERVIEW
The Prologue  is a necessary step into the Campaign mode.  
Each time you start a new campaign, you begin with the Prologue  scenario (page 3).PLAY THE PROLOGUE
37

[PAGE 39]
38The Campaign mode offers a narrative experience that enriches the gameplay of the scenarios,  
immersing players in the world of Primal: The Awakening . 
To fully enjoy  the narrative experience, we suggest the following tips:  
Explore the Detail  
Take the time to read through the narrative content of each scenario you play. Set the right atmosphere 
at the table and pay attention to the details in the texts. These details not only immerse you in the 
game world but will often contain clues for understanding and interpreting the plot.  
Take Notes  
If you find it helpful, taking notes can assist you in keeping track of important information and 
connecting the clues you uncover along the way.  
Ask Questions and Form Hypotheses  
To enhance the collaborative experience of the game, begin each chapter of the campaign with a recap 
of the lore information gathered up to that point. Then after completing a quest, encourage yourself 
and your fellow players to raise questions about the scenario and plot. Engage in conversations and 
collectively form hypotheses.  
Uncover the Narrative Puzzle  
As you progress through the campaign, you’ll gather numerous pieces of information that will  
gradually come together to shape the mystery concealed within the plot.  
No one will unveil the secrets of The Awakening  to you. You, the hunters, are the only ones who have 
the opportunity to uncover them.  
 
If you are ready, the world of Thyrea  awaits you.APPROACHING THE LORE
38


[PAGE 40]
COMPONENT LIST
44x Dareon 
Action card6x Dareon 
Mastery card
6x Mirah 
Mastery card
6x Thoreg 
Mastery card
6x Ljonar 
Mastery card
2x Dareon 
Wound card
2x Mirah 
Wound card
2x Thoreg 
Wound card
2x Ljonar 
Wound card
19x Great Sword  
Weapon card2x Great Sword  
(Special set)
2x Great Bow  
(Special set)
2x Hammer  
(Special set)
2x Sword  
and Shield  
(Special set)19x Great Bow  
Weapon card
19x Hammer  
Weapon card
19x Sword 
and Shield 
Weapon card44x Mirah 
Action card
44x Thoreg 
Action card
44x Ljonar 
Action card
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
1x Combat board
1x Campaign sheet
Dareon miniature Dareon hunter board1x Character sheet1x Quest board1x Rulebook 1x Campaign book
3x Herbalist card 18x Forge card
Mirah miniature
 Mirah hunter board
Thoreg miniature
 Thoreg hunter board
Ljonar miniature
 Ljonar hunter board5x Reference card
 34x Dividers
39

[PAGE 41]
6x Vyraxen  
Stance card
6x Toramat  
Stance card
6x Korowon  
Stance card6x Kharja  
Stance card
6x Dygorax  
Stance card
6x Orouxen  
Stance card
18x Vyraxen  
Behavior card
20x Toramat  
Behavior card
18x Korowon  
Behavior card20x Kharja  
Behavior card
18x Dygorax  
Behavior card
18x Orouxen  
Behavior card16x Orouxen 
Debility card
1x Vyraxen  
Objective card
1x Toramat  
Objective card
1x Korowon  
Objective card1x Kharja  
Objective card
1x Dygorax  
Objective card
1x Orouxen 
Objective card3x Vyraxen  
Peril card
2x Toramat  
Peril card
3x Korowon  
Peril card3x Kharja  
Peril card
3x Dygorax  
Peril card
3x Orouxen  
Peril card
Vyraxen monster board
Toramat monster board
Korowon monster boardKharja monster board
Dygorax monster board
Orouxen monster board
Vyraxen miniature
Toramat miniature
Korowon miniature
Kharja miniature
Dygorax miniature
Orouxen miniature
40

[PAGE 42]
6x Felaxir  
Stance card
6x Hurom  
Stance card
6x Tarragua  
Stance card6x Morkraas  
Stance card
6x Jekoros  
Stance card
18x Felaxir  
Behavior card
5x Ozew  
Swarm card5x Ozew  
Rumble  
card
18x Hurom  
Behavior card
18x Tarragua  
Behavior card18x Morkraas  
Behavior card
18x Ozew  
Behavior card
18x Jekoros  
Behavior card
1x Felaxir  
Objective card
1x Hurom  
Objective card
1x Tarragua  
Objective card1x Morkraas 
Objective card
1x Jekoros  
Objective card3x Felaxir  
Peril card
2x Hurom  
Peril card
2x Tarragua  
Peril card3x Morkraas  
Peril card
3x Jekoros  
Peril card
Felaxir monster board
Ozew monster board
Hurom monster boardMorkraas monster board
Jekoros monster board
Tarragua monster boardFelaxir miniature
Ozew miniature
Hurom miniatureMorkraas miniature
Jekoros miniature
Tarragua miniature
6x Ozew  
Stance card
1x Ozew  
Objective  
card3x Ozew  
Peril card
41

[PAGE 43]
4x KO 
token1x Aggro  
 token
1x Confused  
 token4x Dazed  
 token25x Counter
8x Bonus +1/+3  
damage token  
(weapon)
40x Damage 
token (1/5)16x Damage 
token (10/50)1x Damage token 
(100/200)4x Burning  
token8x Dust  
token16x Stone  
token8x Bonus +5/+10  
damage token  
(weapon)4x Defense  
 token4x Disrupt  
 token4x Exhaust  
 token6x Struggle  
token
4x Acceleration  
token4x Threatened  
token4x Trigger  
token
4x Strain  
token8x Stamina  
token8x Deplete  
token1x Round marker
1x Hardening 
marker1x Charge 
marker
1x Stun  
token2x Blind  
token1x Vulnerable  
token1x Health marker
1x First Player  
token
76x Armor  
card76x Helm  
card8x Helm card 
(special set)
8x Armor card  
(special set)144x Item 
card
25x Reward  
card72x Potion  
card
4x Fire terrain  
token6x Rock terrain  
token
2x Fog terrain  
token2x Cyricae 
terrain token2x Wildmaw 
terrain token2x Brush terrain  
token
4x Sand terrain  
token4x Water terrain  
token
2x Plateau terrain  
token2x Baethanis 
terrain token2x Synaerea 
terrain token30x Quest card
14x Special Attrition  
card10x Attrition card
5x The Awakened  
Stance card
22x The 
Awakened  
Behavior card
The Awakened miniature2x The Awakened monster board
3x The Awakened 
Objective card2x Awakening  
card6x The Awakened 
Peril card
4x Ballista token1x Storm marker
5+10 +5
50 10+3 +1
-1
+3 1
+2+1
31
200 1003x Bonus 
damage token 
(monster)1x Envelope
42

[PAGE 44]
In this section, we introduce the Forge , the Herbalist , the deckbuilding rules and the quest cards.  
These are important concepts that you need to learn in order to play the Campaign mode.  
Once you have assimilated them, you will be ready to learn how to set up and play your first campaign.  
The Forge  represents the location where you will craft any weaponry you might use in battle.  
As you progress through the campaign, you will specialize in crafting unique equipment, based on the monsters you 
have slain.
Each monster in the game is associated with a specific element  (for example: Vyraxen , the monster you  
encountered in the Prologue , is associated with the element of fire ).
As a reward for defeating a monster, players will be instructed to unlock the forge card associated with that  
monster’s element. Once unlocked, a forge card becomes available for all players to use, for the remainder of 
the campaign.
Each forge card represents a 
unique enhancement of the 
Forge  and, in particular, the 
ability to craft equipment of 
a specific element.
A forge card lists the pieces 
of equipment you can craft 
during the campaign if you 
have the required materials it 
indicates.
It features a weapon for 
each hunter class,   
armor , a helm  and  
two items . 
Forge card
Level
Required  
crafting  
materialsElement
Weapons
Other
itemsHelm
Armor
Forge cardsKEY CONCEPTS
THE FORGE
43

[PAGE 45]
As a reward for defeating monsters, you will receive crafting resources that can be combined to obtain 
the weapons, armor and other gear listed on your forge cards. 
There are two categories of crafting resources:
Bones
Crystal
BloodHorn Thunder Metal Fire
Scales Zima Iride Kobaureo •Materials:  All monsters  
 drop a combination of   
 materials obtained from its  
 body parts.
The collection of all the crafting resources you own is called your crafting reserve  and is tracked on 
your character sheet (for more details on the character sheet, see page 57). •Elements:  Each monster  
 drops the element resource  
 of its type.
Level 1 Level 2 Level 3Each forge card in the game comes in three different levels , with the higher level cards giving you access to 
higher level equipment. These advancements represent the growth of the Forge , and they will give you the chance 
to upgrade your equipment and offer better crafting options.  
Note:  The equipment  cards’ level always matches the level of their corresponding forge card.
UPGRADING THE FORGE
During Chapter 1  of the campaign, you will be instructed to set the level of the Forge  to 1. Each time you unlock a 
new forge card during the campaign, take the card from the box that matches the current level of the Forge . 
Note:  The Forge  level will be tracked on the campaign sheet  (for more details on the campaign sheet, see page 56).  
Players will be instructed to level up the Forge  as they reach specific chapters of the campaign . When that 
happens, replace all the forge cards you have unlocked with their corresponding upgraded versions . 
CRAFTING RESOURCES
Coral
44

[PAGE 46]
Crafting equipment is a way for players to customize their character and their playstyle.  
Players can craft equipment cards by spending elements and materials from their crafting reserve.
To craft a piece of equipment listed on a forge card, you must:
Class Restriction:  You can only craft equipment cards that match the icons on your hunter board.   
This means each hunter can only craft the weapons with their corresponding class icon ( Great Swords   can only 
be crafted by Dareon , Great Bows   can only be crafted by Mirah , and so on). Armor, helms and other items can be 
crafted by anyone, regardless of their class.
Spend 1 element  associated with 
that forge card.
When you craft a piece of equipment, take the corresponding equipment card from the box and add it to the set 
of equipment cards you already have. Those cards form your equipment deck .  
Each time you craft a piece of equipment, update your crafting reserve on your character sheet by removing the 
amount of resources spent (for more details on the character sheet, see page 57). +
Crafting Equipment: Example  
Alice wants to craft the Red Scale Armor  listed on the Level 1 Fire forge card.  
First, she spends 1 Fire element  () from her crafting reserve. Then she spends the  
materials listed in the Red Scale Armor’s requirement list: 1 Scales (
 ) and 1 Blood (
 ).
She takes the Red Scale Armor card from the box and updates her crafting reserve on her 
character sheet by removing any resources spent.
+ +
1x Fire element 1x Scales 1x Blood
Level 1 Red Scale Armor
Trading resources with other players:  Players can trade crafting resources with each other, as long as they are 
one-to-one exchanges of resources within the same category (i.e. only element-for-element or material-for-material 
exchanges are allowed).
HOW TO CRAFT EQUIPMENT
Spend the exact amount of materials  indicated 
on the forge card for that equipment.
45

[PAGE 47]
Resource conversion:  Players may convert resources in order to meet a crafting requirement by following the rules 
below:
 •Spend 1 element of any type in place of any 1 material.  
 Example: You may spend 1 Fire element ( ) in place of 1 Scales (
 ). 
 •Spend 2 materials of any type in place of any 1 material .  
 Example: You may spend 1 Zima (
 ) and 1 Iride (
 ) in place of 1 Scales (
 ). 
 •Discard an equipment card you already own instead of spending any 1 material.  
 Example: You may discard your Great Sword base weapon card instead of spending 1 Scales (
 ) 
 Note:  When  you discard an equipment card to obtain a resource, return that card to the box.
 •Discard an equipment card you already own instead of spending an element of the type associated   
 with that equipment card.  
 Example: You may discard a Flame Tongue weapon card instead of spending 1 Fire element ( ).
If you want to craft a higher-level version of an equipment card you already own, you are upgrading that equipment. 
When you upgrade a piece of equipment, you do not need to spend any elements (due to the Resource conversion 
rules). Simply discard the lower-level card (return it to the box) and spend the materials indicated in the 
requirements list for the upgraded equipment.
Upgrading Equipment: Example  
Bob wants to craft a level 2 Flame Tongue . He already has a level 1 Flame Tongue.  
He spends only the materials in the level 2 Flame Tongue’s requirement list, which are 
1 Scales 
  and 1 Blood 
 . He discards the level 1 version he owns and gets the level 
2 Flame Tongue card.
+
1x ScalesResource Conversion: Example  
Bob wants to craft the Red Scale Armor. He does not have any Scales or Blood in his crafting reserve.  
However, he can convert an element resource and an equipment card he owns into any crafting material.  
Bob spends 1 Fire element  () to cover the element cost of the Red Scale Armor.  
Then he spends a Horn element in place of 1 Scales (
 ) and discards his Great Sword  card (returning it to 
the box) instead of spending 1 Blood (
 ).
+ +
+1 x Fire element 1 x Horn element  
in place of 
  Great Sword card  
in place of 
Level 1 Flame Tongue Level 2 Flame TongueLevel 1 Red Scale Armor
HOW TO UPGRADE EQUIPMENT
1x Blood
46

[PAGE 48]
Herbalist cardLevel
Receipt
Potions
As a reward for successfully completing a quest, players will gain 
plant resources that can be combined to obtain the different types of 
potions listed on the herbalist card. 
The herbalist card has a similar structure to the forge card and lists 
the plant requirements for 6 different potions ( ), which each 
correspond to a specific potion card.
The regions of Thyrea  are rich in herbs and plants with special properties, which will be obtained as 
rewards for completing a quest.
The entire collection of plant resources a player holds is called their plant reserve  and is tracked on 
your character sheet (for more details on the character sheet, see page 57).
Below is the list of plant resources and their corresponding icons:
Upgrading the Herbalist : Just like the Forge , the Herbalist  starts 
at level 1 at the beginning of the campaign and then levels up as 
you reach certain chapters of the story.  
When that happens, players will be instructed to upgrade the 
Herbalist , which means replacing the herbalist card with its 
higher level version.
Nillea
 Tarmaret Albalacea Mellis Anthemon Saelicornia
Level 1 Level 2 Level 3
The herbalist card represents the ability to prepare powerful potions 
for use in combat.
THE HERBALIST
PLANT RESOURCES
47

[PAGE 49]
To prepare a potion, choose one from the list on the herbalist card and spend the plant resources in the  
requirements list (plant type and quantity). When you prepare a potion, take the corresponding potion card from 
the box and add it to the set of potion cards you already have. Those cards form your potion deck.  
Each time you prepare a potion, update your plant reserve on your character sheet by removing the amount of 
resources spent (for more details on the character sheet, see page 57).  
Note : A player  cannot have multiple copies of the same potion card . This means you cannot prepare a potion 
card if you already have a copy of that card in your potion deck.
Unlike the equipment cards, potion cards are single-use effect cards: Once you use them in combat 
through their Consume ability, they are removed from the game (return them to the box).  
You will have to prepare them again in order to use them in later scenarios!+Preparing Potions: Example  
Alice wants to craft the Imperia 
and Evok potions. 
Starting with Imperia, Alice 
spends 1 Anthemon and 1 Nillea 
as shown in the requirements 
list. To prepare Evok, she 
must spend 1 Tarmaret and 
then chooses whether to use 
Anthemon or Mellis. She has no 
Anthemon left in her reserve, so 
she spends 1 Mellis.Multiple requirement options:  Some potions can be prepared using alternative resources. When you find a 
requirements list that shows different plant resources separated by a slash (i.e. 
 /
),   this means you can 
choose either one of the requirements when preparing the potion on that card.
Level 1 Imperia
+
Level 1 Evok
1x Mellis
1x Anthemon
1x Tarmaret
1x Nillea
Trading plants:  As for the crafting resources, players may trade plants with each other as long as they trade  
one-for-one. If you give a plant to another player, that player must give you a plant from their reserve in return.HOW TO PREPARE A POTION
SINGLE-USE EFFECTS
48
48


[PAGE 50]
Each hunter has a unique set of upgrade cards, comprising 20 action cards and 5 mastery cards. These cards 
represent the hunter becoming stronger and more skilful,  and they are structured as a skill tree that has 5 different 
branches, with 2 upgrade steps on each branch.
Each upgrade card is identified by a Card ID  (in the bottom right corner of the card), which has a letter (A, B, C, D or 
E) that identifies the branch, and a number that identifies the upgrade  
step within that branch (1 = the first step, or 2 = the second step).
The first upgrade step of each branch enables you to unlock  
2 new action cards and gives you access to the next step.  
The second step enables you to unlock 2 new action cards  
and a new mastery card.
Card Pool  Upgrade: Example  
At a certain point in the campaign, Alice is instructed to  
upgrade her card pool. She chooses branch E, unlocks the 
two corresponding cards showing Card ID  E1, and adds those 
cards to her card pool.
Later in the campaign, Alice upgrades her card pool again 
and she chooses to use the second step on branch E. 
She unlocks the corresponding E2 cards, which are two 
action cards and the mastery card, as shown below.
Upgrade step 1
A1 A1 A2 A2A2
B1 B1 B2 B2B2
C1 C1 C2 C2C2
D1 D1 D2 D2D2
E1 E1 E2 E2E2SKILL TREE
Upgrade step 2Branch A
Branch B
Branch C
Branch D
Branch EEach player begins the campaign with their mastery card and the  
action cards in their character’s starter deck (the one they used in the  
Prologue ). Those cards form their starting  card pool, which is the set of 
cards they can use to build their deck.
When you reach certain chapters of the campaign, you will be instructed  
to upgrade your card pool by adding upgrade cards specific to your  
character.
When you are instructed to upgrade your card pool, choose a branch of 
your skill tree and unlock the corresponding upgrade cards.
Upgrade cards are identifiable by their  
card ID in the bottom-right corner of the cardDECKBUILDING
HUNTER’S SKILL TREE
Skill tree structure for upgrade cards  
(action cards in black and mastery cards in orange)
E1
 E2
E1
 E1
 E2
 E2
 E2
49


[PAGE 51]
Customizing your action deck is a way for players to play out unique and 
personalized strategies. 
As you progress through the campaign and upgrade your card pool, you have 
the opportunity to construct a deck that works exactly the way you want, by 
combining the effects of your favorite pieces of equipment.
To build a custom deck for a campaign scenario, simply follow these steps in 
order:
1. Choose 1 weapon card, 1 armor ( ), 1 helm ( ) and 1 item  () 
 from your equipment deck.
2. Choose 1 mastery from your card pool .
3. Build your action deck to include the exact number of  , ,   and  
 as shown on your chosen weapon card  (if you do not have enough  
 cards to build a deck that meets the color restriction of your weapon, you  
 cannot use that weapon). You may use any action card from your card pool.
 
When building your action deck for a scenario, check for any equipment that 
would be effective against the monster  you are going to fight in that scenario. 
A piece of equipment can be effective due to the elemental weakness of the  
monster, allowing you to add/remove additional cards from your deck (modifying 
the color restrictions of your weapon), as explained on the next page.
The level 1 Flame Tongue says you 
must have exactly 6  (attack 
cards), 4  (maneuver cards), 5  
(parry cards) and 5  (dodge cards) 
in your deckDECKBUILDING RULES
50

[PAGE 52]
Each monster has its own specific elemental weaknesses, which  are shown in the top left corner of its monster board.
Elemental weaknesses example:  
Vyraxen is weak against Horn and Coral elements 
(from Vyraxen monster board)When building your deck for a scenario, check how many  
equipment cards you have that are effective against the monster. 
A piece of equipment is effective if the monster is weak against 
that equipment’s element (this is the case for each of your 
equipment cards: Weapons, armor, helms and items). 
For each 2 pieces of equipment  that are effective against the 
monster, you gain the following deck advantage:  You may add 
or remove 1 card of any color from your deck, modifying the 
color restrictions of your weapon.
Elemental Weakness: Example 1
Alice controls Dareon,  with the equipment 
shown in the image. 
In a scenario against Vyraxen , she 
would have 3 effective equipment cards: 
Reefbound Helm ( ), Dragon Claw ( ),  
and Big Jaws ( ). 
This means Alice would have 1 deck 
advantage, for which she may decide to 
add or remove a card of any color from her 
action deck.
Elemental Weakness: Example 2
This time Alice has 4 effective equipment cards 
against Vyraxen , since her weapon, armor, helm 
and item all indicate  or , which are both 
elements against which the monster is weak. 
This means Alice has 2 deck advantages.
She could use those advantages to add 2 cards 
of any color to her deck (e.g. two , bringing the 
total number of attack cards in her deck from 5 
to 7). However, she decides to do something else 
instead: She uses her first advantage to add 1  
to her deck and then uses her second advantage 
to remove 1 .
EFFECTIVE EQUIPMENT AND DECK ADVANTAGE
51


[PAGE 53]
Below is a table that shows the monsters that are weak against each element in the game.
ELEMENTAL WEAKNESS
Vyraxen
Vyraxen
Kharja
Korowon
ToramatKharja
Kharja
Orouxen
Orouxen
DygoraxKorowon
Toramat
Ozew
Hurom
FelaxirOzew
Dygorax
Jekoros
Tarragua
MorkraasHorn
Coral
Crystal
Thunder
MetalWEAK TO
WEAK TO
WEAK TO
WEAK TO
WEAK TO
WEAK TOFire Felaxir Morkraas Hurom Tarragua
52


[PAGE 54]
Together, the quest cards make up the quest deck for the campaign and they represent the missions that may 
become available as you play through the story. 
A quest card features a  title,  a brief introduction  and a quest number  that identifies the corresponding scenario 
in the Campaign book . The monster trophy  and monster element  icons shown at the bottom of the quest card 
identify the type of monster that you will encounter in the associated scenario.
Quest card (front) Quest card (back)
44SPECIAL RULES
Behavior deck setup: Leave Toramat’s Crashing Charge and 
Out of Control behavior cards out of the behavior deck. 
These cards are considered to be out of play until a card 
ability instructs you to interact with them.
Dust tokens: This scenario uses dust tokens. Keep these tokens 
near the board and use them when instructed by card abilities 
during the game. Dust tokens are explained in detail on page 95 
of the Rulebook.
Hardening track: Set the hardening level to 0 by placing the 
corresponding marker in the  space on the Hardening track. 
The Hardening track is explained in detail on page 95 of the 
Rulebook. 
Special attrition cards: Remove two base attrition cards with an 
attrition value of 1 from the attrition deck, and add in Toramat’s  
special attrition cards instead. Special attrition cards are 
explained in detail on page 98 of the Rulebook.
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
INTRODUCTION
Low on the horizon, the blood-red sun casts long trembling 
shadows behind you. The scalding wind stirs up fine sand that 
scratches your eyes. From the top of the Red Peaks, you gaze 
across the vertiginous gorges of the canyon that cut through 
the arid land. According to legend, this region was once lush 
and green – the sun wanted to burn it and left its colors behind 
on everything it could not devour. 
It is almost sunset, as you descend toward a valley carved by 
a river that has long since dried up. The narrow path between 
the sandstone walls is blocked by a pile of debris from a rockfall 
further downstream, but beyond the fragments of stone, you 
can make out sections of a decorative frieze on a tall arch 
carved into the rock. The hope that Emera is still alive, trapped 
behind the landslide, causes you to rush toward the rubble and 
call out to her.
“Hunters, I’m here!” , a weak voice replies. 
It is so faint that it is immediately overwhelmed by another 
much louder sound – a deep roar coming from over your 
shoulders. Your shouting, the sound of rubble being loosed, your 
heavy footsteps, all that noise has attracted the attention of a 
monster, enraged by the invasion of its territory. A Toramat, its 
armored head poised for impact, is already charging toward you. CONCLUSION 
Emera is breathing deeply, as she leans against the corrugated 
walls of the rust-colored gorge. Her face is gaunt from thirst and 
the desert heat, but the light in her eyes shows strength and 
conviction.
“Thanks for saving our lives,” she says in a feeble voice. 
She looks through the gap that you have opened by moving 
the collapsed rubble, from which several wounded and weary 
seekers are emerging. Close to exhaustion, they retrieve the 
notes on their scrolls and wrap protective fabric around some 
objects that were found in the room beyond the arch. 
You all set off again toward the seekers’ camp, plunged back 
into the cool, biting night air. 
“Every step we take in this desert is a struggle and exposes 
us to risk, but wherever we look, we find traces of an ancient 
human civilization,” Emera tells you, leaning on the shoulder of 
one of her seekers, “every grain of red rock in this place echoes 
with a past that we still know nothing about.”
If the current chapter is either Chapter 1 or 2, read Variant A. 
Otherwise, read Variant B.  
 
2x Rock
 1x Sand
 1x Plateau
 1x Beathanis
 Toramat miniature
1 THE MEMORY OF THE DESERT
45
Variant  A
When you reach the camp, you see bulletin boards cluttered 
with notes, maps, and translations; the archaeological finds 
have been arranged in order on tables and carpets. You ask her 
if knowing about the past will make Alborea stronger. 
Emera glances at her seekers and replies: 
“In the past that we study, we hope to find answers about 
our present. If Thyrea is our land, then its history is our history. 
We must understand what happened, hunters, just as you must 
learn the secrets of the monsters you are fighting. ”Variant  B
Having reached the area of the campsite, you still cannot 
see the outline of the tents. As you get closer, you can see an 
intricate network of deep footprints on the ground, converging 
on the same point from all directions. You find the tents piled 
on the ground and carpets soaked in the blood of the seekers 
that stayed behind at the outpost awaiting the return of their 
missing comrades. Emera looks at her companions, but she is 
speechless. Crouched on the ground, you observe the tracks 
left by the pack of carnivores that attacked the camp. The 
clawed feet of the enormous pack leader have left deep furrows 
in the ground. It is no longer possible to continue research here: 
this area has become the hunting ground of a Felaxir.
Quest rewards on page 106
Quest Title
Introduction
Monster Element
Monster TrophyQuest number
106
A black shadow spreads like ink over the red earth. The 
monsters take their first steps and move ravenously 
through the storm. The sky splits apart like a broken 
wing, and it howls furiously. The thunder becomes 
a single roar that makes the earth shakes. A quake 
reduces the mountains and the history they contain to 
rubble. The wind races between the sky and the earth 
stirring up waves of hot sand. Everything dries up and 
becomes a bleached skeleton of what it once was. Unlock the Horn Forge card. 
Each player gains the following crafting and plant resources:
Elements: 2x   |  Materials: 2x 
    2x 
Plants: 2x 
    1x 
    1x 
    1x 
If the current chapter is either Chapter 1 or 2, unlock Quest 4. 
Otherwise, unlock Quest 6.
1 The Memory of the Desert
Unlock the Coral Forge card.
Each player gains the following crafting and plant resources:
Elements: 2x   |  Materials: 1x 
    2x 
    1x 
    
Plants: 1x 
    2x 
    2x 
   
Gain the achievement “Calm the Sea” .
3 The Roar of the Sea
In the lagoon, coral trees grow to form a labyrinth of red 
paths through the turquoise water. A tall tower made of 
pearl guards the light that shines on the promontory. 
There are some houses as white as seashells nestled 
serenely behind the tower. The light from the tower 
illuminates the sea at its feet, which slowly retreats. 
The lagoon dries up, the corals turn gray, and the distant 
rumbling of a boiling sea gets stronger and stronger. 
A wall of black water advances quickly and begins to 
assault the promontory. It bites at it, breaking off chunks 
of the headland, until the tower collapses. Powerful fins, 
claws, and sharp tusks can be seen moving in the water 
that flows voraciously into the houses. Thick, hungry 
tentacles emerge from the water and drag everything 
they find down into the abyss. 
Unlock the Crystal Forge card.
Each player gains the following crafting and plant resources:
Elements: 2x   |  Materials:  1x 
    1x 
    2x 
  
Plants: 2x 
    1x 
    2x 
Gain the achievement “Secrets from the Past”.
4 The Pack Leader
Hidden in the darkness of my cave, I close my eyes and 
see a starry sky. In the absolute blackness, the first 
points of light appear: the stars that show themselves 
only to those who can feel the world in the same way as 
the Celestial feels it. 
These stars are brightly colored and move in a slow, 
orderly fashion. Between the overlapping skies from 
different eras and seasons, I strive to focus on shapes and 
patterns, in order to make out the great constellations 
that teach us how the wheel of time moves.
Toramat blood vision
Felaxir blood visionKorowon blood vision
Unlock the Thunder Forge card.
Each player gains the following crafting and plant resources:
Elements: 2x   |  Materials: 2x 
    1x 
    1x 
    
Plants: 2x 
    1x 
    1x 
    1x 
If the current chapter is either Chapter 1 or 2, unlock Quest 5.
2 A Flight in the Storm
Two men, dressed in long black robes, peer at the dark 
clouds gathering in the sky. The sound of their voices 
is fragile and muffled by the din of thunder and the 
incoming thunderstorm.
“According to the Tecli prophecies, one day a storm 
will rise that will darken the sky and the stars, until it 
covers all of Thyrea,” says one of the men. “One voice 
will dominate the others, and the dormant monsters will 
answer its call,” he concludes gloomily.
“There is no need to fear, brother, not while the 
Indomitable controls these clouds,” his companion 
replies, looking toward the sky.Ozew blood vision
107
On the top of a mountain, a man wrapped in a long 
cloak walks among his apprentices, who are seated in 
meditation. He guides them with his words: “The Voice 
of the Dragons echoes throughout nature. Find it; give 
it form: it crackles like lightning, boils like lava, and 
trembles like the earth. It is a profound emotion that stirs 
the depths of your souls.”
The men and women listen in concentration to the 
man reciting a chant, while the sky above them begins 
to turn purple and fill with clouds. 
The man continues: “Feel the coming storm, its 
movement, its unstoppable force. There is a feeling, an 
indomitable strength that you must find out there, as 
well as inside yourselves. With every peal of thunder, 
with every roar of the sky, get closer to that force so you 
will be able to understand it.”Unlock the Metal Forge card.
Each player gains the following crafting and plant resources:
Elements: 2x   |  Materials: 2x 
    1x 
    1x 
    
Plants: 2x 
    1x 
    1x 
    1x 
Gain the achievements “Arkeum Dust”  
and “The Goldarks People” .
Unlock Reward card 1.
5 Claws of Silver
Each player gains the following crafting and plant resources:
Elements: 2x   |  Materials: 1x 
    2x 
    1x 
  
Plants: 1x 
    1x 
    1x 
    2x 
Gain the achievements “The Burning Ember”  
and “The Tome of Creatures”.
Unlock Reward card 3.
7 The Zarka Temple
Standing in the center of the hall is a statue of a mighty 
black dragon veined with gold. Its large chest has 
been hollowed out to house a brazier in which a single 
ember burns, enveloped in a lively flame that gives off  
sufficient light to illuminate every corner of the temple 
and emanates an embracing warmth. In the dim light of 
the room, men and women sit in focused meditation. 
“The Indomitable’s fiery breath burns before you. 
Listen to its Voice: what does it say to you?” whispers a 
woman walking among them. 
Seated in contemplation, I perceive the flame’s 
uncontrollable nature and destructive force. My chest 
swells and my heart becomes as inflamed as the ember 
in front of me. I feel joy in the face of the discovery of 
the power, and, at the same time, terror in the face of its 
immensity.
“Find your Voice,” the woman implores, “and join the 
Echo of your brothers and sisters, which rises up to the 
Dragons!”Unlock the Crystal Forge card.
Each player gains the following crafting and plant resources:
Elements: 2x   |  Materials: 1x 
    2x 
    1x 
   
Plants: 1x 
    1x 
    2x 
    1x 
Unlock Quest 14.
Unlock Reward card 2 (unlock both copies of this card).
On the Hunt between the Two Deserts
“The eye of the Celestial allows us to glimpse the 
mysteries of the power,” says the woman with star-like 
eyes and a body that seemed to be made of glass. “The 
power flows through everything that is alive on Thyrea. 
Its threads are interwoven with the depth of the sky, like 
shining constellations, for those who can see them. If 
we push our gaze through the deepest and most remote 
layers of the sky, to the limit of our power, we can see 
the stars that will pass through our future,” she continues 
while closing her eyes.6
“I ask those stars to reveal the destiny of the power to 
me, but the more I observe those distant skies, the more I 
recognize ancient constellations that are ready to return 
to the sky above us.
The stars are moving in circles, and so are we. I can 
no longer distinguish the end from the beginning,” she 
concludes. 
“Is the destiny we see inevitable?” one of us asks.
“The stars show us the truth, but our vision may be 
incomplete. It is for this very reason that we must never 
stop training our power,” she replies with a smile, but a 
shadow of concern crosses her face before she turns 
around. 
Felaxir blood visionHurom blood vision
Tarragua blood vision
117
117
10 The Submerged Lands
The tide has receded due to an extraordinarily close and 
bright full moon. The seekers who departed on a mission 
to the area have recovered several Krismari artifacts, 
which attest to their connection with the sea and the 
stars in the sky.
11 The City of Remembrance
The place Nael found will forever remain a mystery: 
Woltyar is awakening and lava rising from the depths of 
the earth has engulfed the ancient ruins.
13 Queen Ozew
The Everlasting Storm on the Three Spears is growing 
larger and more powerful: the Swarm of Ozew has been 
swallowed up by its enormous mass of dark clouds, and 
no airship can hope of crossing it without being struck 
by the fury of its lightning.
15 Strange Crystals  
One side of the Crystal Plateau has caved in: a colossal 
monster had lain in rest in its caves and its awakening 
has brought chaos and destruction to the region. The 
research base founded by Nael has been destroyed and 
the few surviving seekers describe the monster as a 
gigantic mountain covered in crystals.
20 Crystallization
One side of the Crystal Plateau has caved in: a colossal 
monster had lain in rest in its caves and its awakening 
has brought chaos and destruction to the region. The 
research base founded by Nael has been destroyed and 
the few surviving seekers describe the monster as a 
gigantic mountain covered in crystals.
116
1 The Memory of the Desert
The squad of hunters sent to rescue Emera and her 
search party have not returned. Tensions are high and 
spreading between the captains in the garrison: Alborea 
continues to receive reports of attacks on every camp in 
the Sunset Plains and Salt Desert.
Unlock Quest 6.
2 A Flight in the Storm
If the current chapter is Chapter 3: 
News has arrived from the north: the missing seekers’ 
airship has crashed in the woods in the Dragon’s Ridge 
Mountains. Ceantral Command is mapping the area to 
pinpoint the exact location and send a rescue team. 
3 The Roar of the Sea
The Riverlands are unrecognizable. No survivors have 
returned to Alborea, the region’s outposts are lost, and 
the entire area is now submerged by the sea.
4 The Pack Leader
Emera and her team have not yet returned. There are 
reports that a Felaxir has destroyed the archaeologist’s 
research base and has rounded up an angry pack.
If the current chapter is Chapter 4
There is no more hope for the expedition that went 
missing in the north: above the Dragon’s Ridge 
Mountains, the Everlasting Storm, which has raged over 
the region since time immemorial, is becoming more and 
more intense and is preventing all airships sent to help 
from getting near the mountains.
5 Claws of Silver
Hurom have overrun the tunnels beneath the Goldarks. 
There seems to be no hope for Jasiver’s group, which  
set out on a mission a few weeks ago. What has driven 
these monsters to invade the mountains?
7 The Zarka Temple
A large Tarragua has destroyed the temple spotted in 
the Goldark Mountains and it now roams the region 
dangerously.
8 The Iron-Eater
The research base established in the north was destroyed 
in an attack by a large, metal-skinned Tarragua that now 
roams the region dangerously.
9 The Cave of Stars
Another squad of hunters has ventured into the 
Riverlands and discovered a Krismari temple where sky-
worshipping rituals were performed. They have reported 
a still-intact mosaic depicting a woman with a body 
made of waves, her clothes blending into the sea.Nightmare Expansion: Unlock Quest 31.
Unlock Quest 10.
Unlock Quest 6.
Unlock Quest 26.
Unlock Quest 26.
EXPIRATIONQuest number
You can use the quest numbers to find all the information and instructions needed for any quest in the Campaign 
book . This includes the narrative, the setup rules, the rewards and the expiration instructions for that quest (for more 
details on quest expiration, see next page). 
Quest Reward   
(Campaign book)Quest Scenario   
(Campaign book)Quest Expiration  
(Campaign book)Quest number
QUEST CARDS
44SPECIAL RULES
Behavior deck setup: Leave Toramat’s Crashing Charge and 
Out of Control behavior cards out of the behavior deck. 
These cards are considered to be out of play until a card 
ability instructs you to interact with them.
Dust tokens: This scenario uses dust tokens. Keep these tokens 
near the board and use them when instructed by card abilities 
during the game. Dust tokens are explained in detail on page 95 
of the Rulebook.
Hardening track: Set the hardening level to 0 by placing the 
corresponding marker in the  space on the Hardening track. 
The Hardening track is explained in detail on page 95 of the 
Rulebook. 
Special attrition cards: Remove two base attrition cards with an 
attrition value of 1 from the attrition deck, and add in Toramat’s  
special attrition cards instead. Special attrition cards are 
explained in detail on page 98 of the Rulebook.
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
INTRODUCTION
Low on the horizon, the blood-red sun casts long trembling 
shadows behind you. The scalding wind stirs up fine sand that 
scratches your eyes. From the top of the Red Peaks, you gaze 
across the vertiginous gorges of the canyon that cut through 
the arid land. According to legend, this region was once lush 
and green – the sun wanted to burn it and left its colors behind 
on everything it could not devour. 
It is almost sunset, as you descend toward a valley carved by 
a river that has long since dried up. The narrow path between 
the sandstone walls is blocked by a pile of debris from a rockfall 
further downstream, but beyond the fragments of stone, you 
can make out sections of a decorative frieze on a tall arch 
carved into the rock. The hope that Emera is still alive, trapped 
behind the landslide, causes you to rush toward the rubble and 
call out to her.
“Hunters, I’m here!” , a weak voice replies. 
It is so faint that it is immediately overwhelmed by another 
much louder sound – a deep roar coming from over your 
shoulders. Your shouting, the sound of rubble being loosed, your 
heavy footsteps, all that noise has attracted the attention of a 
monster, enraged by the invasion of its territory. A Toramat, its 
armored head poised for impact, is already charging toward you. CONCLUSION 
Emera is breathing deeply, as she leans against the corrugated 
walls of the rust-colored gorge. Her face is gaunt from thirst and 
the desert heat, but the light in her eyes shows strength and 
conviction.
“Thanks for saving our lives,” she says in a feeble voice. 
She looks through the gap that you have opened by moving 
the collapsed rubble, from which several wounded and weary 
seekers are emerging. Close to exhaustion, they retrieve the 
notes on their scrolls and wrap protective fabric around some 
objects that were found in the room beyond the arch. 
You all set off again toward the seekers’ camp, plunged back 
into the cool, biting night air. 
“Every step we take in this desert is a struggle and exposes 
us to risk, but wherever we look, we find traces of an ancient 
human civilization,” Emera tells you, leaning on the shoulder of 
one of her seekers, “every grain of red rock in this place echoes 
with a past that we still know nothing about.”
If the current chapter is either Chapter 1 or 2, read Variant A. 
Otherwise, read Variant B.  
 
2x Rock
 1x Sand
 1x Plateau
 1x Beathanis
 Toramat miniature
1 THE MEMORY OF THE DESERT
116
1 The Memory of the Desert
The squad of hunters sent to rescue Emera and her 
search party have not returned. Tensions are high and 
spreading between the captains in the garrison: Alborea 
continues to receive reports of attacks on every camp in 
the Sunset Plains and Salt Desert.
Unlock Quest 6.
2 A Flight in the Storm
If the current chapter is Chapter 3: 
News has arrived from the north: the missing seekers’ 
airship has crashed in the woods in the Dragon’s Ridge 
Mountains. Ceantral Command is mapping the area to 
pinpoint the exact location and send a rescue team. 
3 The Roar of the Sea
The Riverlands are unrecognizable. No survivors have 
returned to Alborea, the region’s outposts are lost, and 
the entire area is now submerged by the sea.
4 The Pack Leader
Emera and her team have not yet returned. There are 
reports that a Felaxir has destroyed the archaeologist’s 
research base and has rounded up an angry pack.
If the current chapter is Chapter 4
There is no more hope for the expedition that went 
missing in the north: above the Dragon’s Ridge 
Mountains, the Everlasting Storm, which has raged over 
the region since time immemorial, is becoming more and 
more intense and is preventing all airships sent to help 
from getting near the mountains.
5 Claws of Silver
Hurom have overrun the tunnels beneath the Goldarks. 
There seems to be no hope for Jasiver’s group, which  
set out on a mission a few weeks ago. What has driven 
these monsters to invade the mountains?
7 The Zarka Temple
A large Tarragua has destroyed the temple spotted in 
the Goldark Mountains and it now roams the region 
dangerously.
8 The Iron-Eater
The research base established in the north was destroyed 
in an attack by a large, metal-skinned Tarragua that now 
roams the region dangerously.
9 The Cave of Stars
Another squad of hunters has ventured into the 
Riverlands and discovered a Krismari temple where sky-
worshipping rituals were performed. They have reported 
a still-intact mosaic depicting a woman with a body 
made of waves, her clothes blending into the sea.Nightmare Expansion: Unlock Quest 31.
Unlock Quest 10.
Unlock Quest 6.
Unlock Quest 26.
Unlock Quest 26.
EXPIRATION
106
A black shadow spreads like ink over the red earth. The 
monsters take their first steps and move ravenously 
through the storm. The sky splits apart like a broken 
wing, and it howls furiously. The thunder becomes 
a single roar that makes the earth shakes. A quake 
reduces the mountains and the history they contain to 
rubble. The wind races between the sky and the earth 
stirring up waves of hot sand. Everything dries up and 
becomes a bleached skeleton of what it once was. Unlock the Horn Forge card. 
Each player gains the following crafting and plant resources:
Elements: 2x   |  Materials: 2x 
    2x 
Plants: 2x 
    1x 
    1x 
    1x 
If the current chapter is either Chapter 1 or 2, unlock Quest 4. 
Otherwise, unlock Quest 6.
1 The Memory of the Desert
Unlock the Coral Forge card.
Each player gains the following crafting and plant resources:
Elements: 2x   |  Materials: 1x 
    2x 
    1x 
    
Plants: 1x 
    2x 
    2x 
   
Gain the achievement “Calm the Sea” .
3 The Roar of the Sea
In the lagoon, coral trees grow to form a labyrinth of red 
paths through the turquoise water. A tall tower made of 
pearl guards the light that shines on the promontory. 
There are some houses as white as seashells nestled 
serenely behind the tower. The light from the tower 
illuminates the sea at its feet, which slowly retreats. 
The lagoon dries up, the corals turn gray, and the distant 
rumbling of a boiling sea gets stronger and stronger. 
A wall of black water advances quickly and begins to 
assault the promontory. It bites at it, breaking off chunks 
of the headland, until the tower collapses. Powerful fins, 
claws, and sharp tusks can be seen moving in the water 
that flows voraciously into the houses. Thick, hungry 
tentacles emerge from the water and drag everything 
they find down into the abyss. 
Unlock the Crystal Forge card.
Each player gains the following crafting and plant resources:
Elements: 2x   |  Materials:  1x 
    1x 
    2x 
  
Plants: 2x 
    1x 
    2x 
Gain the achievement “Secrets from the Past”.
4 The Pack Leader
Hidden in the darkness of my cave, I close my eyes and 
see a starry sky. In the absolute blackness, the first 
points of light appear: the stars that show themselves 
only to those who can feel the world in the same way as 
the Celestial feels it. 
These stars are brightly colored and move in a slow, 
orderly fashion. Between the overlapping skies from 
different eras and seasons, I strive to focus on shapes and 
patterns, in order to make out the great constellations 
that teach us how the wheel of time moves.
Toramat blood vision
Felaxir blood visionKorowon blood vision
Unlock the Thunder Forge card.
Each player gains the following crafting and plant resources:
Elements: 2x   |  Materials: 2x 
    1x 
    1x 
    
Plants: 2x 
    1x 
    1x 
    1x 
If the current chapter is either Chapter 1 or 2, unlock Quest 5.
2 A Flight in the Storm
Two men, dressed in long black robes, peer at the dark 
clouds gathering in the sky. The sound of their voices 
is fragile and muffled by the din of thunder and the 
incoming thunderstorm.
“According to the Tecli prophecies, one day a storm 
will rise that will darken the sky and the stars, until it 
covers all of Thyrea,” says one of the men. “One voice 
will dominate the others, and the dormant monsters will 
answer its call,” he concludes gloomily.
“There is no need to fear, brother, not while the 
Indomitable controls these clouds,” his companion 
replies, looking toward the sky.Ozew blood vision
53

[PAGE 55]
The quest board represents a map of Thyrea  and features 9 spaces for quest cards, which correspond to the  
different regions of the continent. Each region is associated with the element of the monsters that inhabit it.  
Note: The quest board includes spaces for the quests in both the core game ( , , , , , ) and the  
expansions ( , , ).
Each time you are instructed to unlock a quest, search the quest deck for the corresponding card and place  
it on the quest board  in the space that matches the element icon for that quest’s monster (see the examples below).  
Once unlocked, a quest is considered to be available for the rest of the campaign, until it is either successfully 
completed or expires (more details on quest expiration can be found below).  
Note:  Available  quest cards that have the same monster element are placed in the same space on the quest board. 
Some quests will be available for a limited amount of time because they expire when you reach 
specific chapters of the campaign. 
When a quest expires, if that quest was available on your quest board , remove it from the game 
and immediately search the Quest Expiration  section of the Campaign book (starting on page 
116) for the corresponding expiration paragraph, which is identifiable by the quest number.  
The paragraph will contain any narrative and instructions related to the expiration of that quest.
Quest expiration can have significant consequences, such as unlocking of a new quest path or 
unique achievements. Remember to read the expiration paragraph every time an available quest 
expires.
Note:  There are many more quests than you can actually complete during the campaign, so quest 
expiration will be a common event.
Quest board example: Two quest cards are unlocked and placed on the quest 
board in their corresponding  and  spaces.Fire region/elementQUEST BOARD
QUEST EXPIRATION
54

[PAGE 56]
Each time you start a new campaign, you begin with the Prologue  scenario (page 3).   
After successfully completing the Prologue , follow the steps below to set up the campaign:
55
1. Place the quest board  in the center of the table.
2. Assemble the  quest deck  by putting together all the quest cards from both the core game and any  
 expansions you own, and then place the quest deck near the quest board. 
3. Take the Campaign book , which includes all the content you need for the campaign scenarios and chapters.
4. Take a campaign sheet and circle the first space on the Campaign Chapters track to indicate that  
 Chapter 1  is next to be played.
5. Each player performs the following steps:  
 a) Take a character sheet . 
 b) Take your character’s hunter board  and starting equipment cards  (the ones you used in the Prologue ). 
 c) Form your initial card pool by taking the starter deck  (action cards and mastery card) that you used in  
 the Prologue.
Now you have everything set up to start playing Chapter 1 of the campaign. Before you read how to play through a 
chapter, it will be useful to learn more about the campaign and character sheets. 
11
 22
44CAMPAIGN SETUP
33
Quest board
Campaign sheet
Character sheetCampaign bookQuest deck
55

[PAGE 57]
Session by session, players track their progress and accomplishments on the campaign sheet.  
The campaign sheet includes all the information you need to save and then resume a campaign game.
5. Quests:  This is an archive of your quests, which  
 are listed by their quest number. Keep track of  
 the quests you have unlocked (with a circle)  
 and the ones that are completed or expired  
 (with a X).
6. Achievements: This is where you write   
       down any achievements you have unlocked  
 over the course of the campaign.  
 For more information about the achievement  
 system, see the box below.
7. Hunter’s Trial:  This space is for the Hunter’s  
 Trial variant. Only use this section if you are  
 playing with those rules, which are explained in  
 detail on page 63.1. Campaign Chapters track:  This is where you  
 keep track of your progress through the   
 campaign chapters. The symbols  indicate  
 the monsters’ aggression level, which increases  
 as you advance through the chapters (for more  
 details on the aggression level, see page 60).
2. The Herbalist: This is where you keep track of  
 the Herbalist’s level.
3. The Forge:  This is where you keep track of the  
 Forge’s level, as well as of all your unlocked  
 forge cards, which are indicated by their   
 associated element.
4. Trophies : Each monster is represented by a  
 trophy icon. This is where you keep track of the  
 monsters you defeat.11
55 22
3344
66
The game uses an achievement system that allows players to keep track of any milestones and major 
accomplishments they achieve over the course of the campaign. 
Each achievement you gain will trigger special developments in the campaign, giving you access 
to unique quest paths and rewards .77CAMPAIGN SHEET
ACHIEVEMENT SYSTEMCampaign sheet
56

[PAGE 58]
57Each player uses a character sheet to keep track of the specific information that relates to their own hunter. 
11
22 33
44CHARACTER SHEET
1. Player name and class: When you create your  
 character for a campaign,  write your name here  
 (the name of the player) as well as your hunter  
 class.
2. Skill tree:  This is where you keep track of any  
 upgrades from the different branches of your  
 skill tree (for more details on the skill tree and  
 deck upgrades, see page 49).3. Crafting and Plant Reserve:  As you gain   
 resources during the campaign, note down the           
       exact number of each material, plant and  
 element you have in your reserve. Each time  
 you craft a piece of equipment or prepare   
 a potion, remember to update your reserve by  
 removing any spent resources.
4. Notes:  This is free space for you to write down  
 your notes about the story or personal gameplay  
 accomplishments.Character sheet
57

[PAGE 59]
During the Quest Board phase, players collectively  choose  a quest from the ones currently available on the quest 
board (for more details on the quest board, see page 54). Place the selected quest card in front of you on the table: 
This quest is now the active quest for the current chapter  and determines the next scenario you will play.
Your choice of quest has a huge impact on the development of your campaign. Each quest provides a unique story 
path leading to special rewards and discoveries. Moreover, the forge cards and crafting resources you obtain are 
based on the monster you defeat, so you will have to carefully decide your strategy as a group. QUEST BOARD PHASE
 • Craft equipment listed in your forge cards:  A player may craft as much equipment as they wish from  
  different available forge cards as long as they have the resources in the requirements list.
 • Prepare potions listed on your herbalist card:  A player may prepare any number of potions, as long as  
  they have the plant resources in the requirements list.  
  Note:  A player  cannot have multiple copies of the same potion card (for more details on preparing  
  potions, see page 48).Each player independently performs their Crafting phase by choosing any number of the following actions:CRAFTING PHASEEach chapter of the campaign begins in Alborea , the city stronghold to which hunters return after each combat, so 
they can forge new equipment and choose their next quest in the story. 
In this section, you will learn how to play a campaign chapter. Once you have learned how to play a chapter, you 
will be able to play the whole campaign by simply playing thorough all the chapters in order, from Chapter 1  to 
Chapter 11 .
Each chapter can be considered a game session  and follows the phase structure below:
Story phasePLAYING A CAMPAIGN
Quest Board phase Crafting phase Hunt phase
During the Story phase, players  read the introduction of the chapter in the Campaign book  (you can find the 
chapter introductions in the Campaign Chapters  section on page 7 of the Campaign book ).
The introductions move the story along with narrative detail, but they also include important instructions,  
indicated by the icon , that may include leveling up the Forge  and the Herbalist , card pool upgrades for the 
players, unlocking quests and quest expiration.  
Once you have read and implemented all the information provided in the chapter introduction, you are ready for 
the Quest Board phase.  
Note:  When  you find an instruction that begins with the name of a game expansion, this means that you only need 
to follow that instruction if you are using that expansion in your campaign (e.g. "  Feather Expansion: Unlock 
Quest 36 ").STORY PHASE
58

[PAGE 60]
The Hunt phase consists of playing the scenario associated with the active quest.  
Find the scenario that matches the active quest number in the Campaign book  (all the scenarios are in 
numerical order in the Campaign book , starting on page 43).
First, read the narrative introduction , and then set up the game as indicated in the scenario page.
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10The setup of a campaign scenario follows the same rules as for 
the Prologue,  with the exception of the terrain configuration.
For that step, simply look at the scenario page and set out the 
terrain tokens on the board as illustrated in the combat board 
diagram.
Some scenarios feature special rules  that are specific to 
that particular monster. In those cases, follow the instructions 
provided in the Special Rules  section of the scenario page and 
refer to the Monster Rules  section on page 95, if needed.
Example of combat board diagram
Example of a player setup
At the end  of the Crafting phase, each player  
builds their action deck (for more details on 
deckbuilding, see page 50) and chooses up to 3 
potion cards  from their potion deck, for the next 
scenario.  
Note:  As the icons on your hunter board indicate, 
you can have a maximum of 1 item ( ) and 3 
potion ( ) cards in play. 
HUNT PHASE
HOW TO SET UP A SCENARIOEach campaign scenario follows 
the same rules and structure as the 
Prologue  and consists of fighting 
against a specific monster as 
indicated by the trophy icon  on the 
top left of the scenario page.
44SPECIAL RULES
Behavior deck setup: Leave Toramat’s Crashing Charge and 
Out of Control behavior cards out of the behavior deck. 
These cards are considered to be out of play until a card 
ability instructs you to interact with them.
Dust tokens: This scenario uses dust tokens. Keep these tokens 
near the board and use them when instructed by card abilities 
during the game. Dust tokens are explained in detail on page 95 
of the Rulebook.
Hardening track: Set the hardening level to 0 by placing the 
corresponding marker in the  space on the Hardening track. 
The Hardening track is explained in detail on page 95 of the 
Rulebook. 
Special attrition cards: Remove two base attrition cards with an 
attrition value of 1 from the attrition deck, and add in Toramat’s  
special attrition cards instead. Special attrition cards are 
explained in detail on page 98 of the Rulebook.
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
INTRODUCTION
Low on the horizon, the blood-red sun casts long trembling 
shadows behind you. The scalding wind stirs up fine sand that 
scratches your eyes. From the top of the Red Peaks, you gaze 
across the vertiginous gorges of the canyon that cut through 
the arid land. According to legend, this region was once lush 
and green – the sun wanted to burn it and left its colors behind 
on everything it could not devour. 
It is almost sunset, as you descend toward a valley carved by 
a river that has long since dried up. The narrow path between 
the sandstone walls is blocked by a pile of debris from a rockfall 
further downstream, but beyond the fragments of stone, you 
can make out sections of a decorative frieze on a tall arch 
carved into the rock. The hope that Emera is still alive, trapped 
behind the landslide, causes you to rush toward the rubble and 
call out to her.
“Hunters, I’m here!” , a weak voice replies. 
It is so faint that it is immediately overwhelmed by another 
much louder sound – a deep roar coming from over your 
shoulders. Your shouting, the sound of rubble being loosed, your 
heavy footsteps, all that noise has attracted the attention of a 
monster, enraged by the invasion of its territory. A Toramat, its 
armored head poised for impact, is already charging toward you. CONCLUSION 
Emera is breathing deeply, as she leans against the corrugated 
walls of the rust-colored gorge. Her face is gaunt from thirst and 
the desert heat, but the light in her eyes shows strength and 
conviction.
“Thanks for saving our lives,” she says in a feeble voice. 
She looks through the gap that you have opened by moving 
the collapsed rubble, from which several wounded and weary 
seekers are emerging. Close to exhaustion, they retrieve the 
notes on their scrolls and wrap protective fabric around some 
objects that were found in the room beyond the arch. 
You all set off again toward the seekers’ camp, plunged back 
into the cool, biting night air. 
“Every step we take in this desert is a struggle and exposes 
us to risk, but wherever we look, we find traces of an ancient 
human civilization,” Emera tells you, leaning on the shoulder of 
one of her seekers, “every grain of red rock in this place echoes 
with a past that we still know nothing about.”
If the current chapter is either Chapter 1 or 2, read Variant A. 
Otherwise, read Variant B.  
 
2x Rock
 1x Sand
 1x Plateau
 1x Beathanis
 Toramat miniature
1 THE MEMORY OF THE DESERT
45
Variant  A
When you reach the camp, you see bulletin boards cluttered 
with notes, maps, and translations; the archaeological finds 
have been arranged in order on tables and carpets. You ask her 
if knowing about the past will make Alborea stronger. 
Emera glances at her seekers and replies: 
“In the past that we study, we hope to find answers about 
our present. If Thyrea is our land, then its history is our history. 
We must understand what happened, hunters, just as you must 
learn the secrets of the monsters you are fighting. ”Variant  B
Having reached the area of the campsite, you still cannot 
see the outline of the tents. As you get closer, you can see an 
intricate network of deep footprints on the ground, converging 
on the same point from all directions. You find the tents piled 
on the ground and carpets soaked in the blood of the seekers 
that stayed behind at the outpost awaiting the return of their 
missing comrades. Emera looks at her companions, but she is 
speechless. Crouched on the ground, you observe the tracks 
left by the pack of carnivores that attacked the camp. The 
clawed feet of the enormous pack leader have left deep furrows 
in the ground. It is no longer possible to continue research here: 
this area has become the hunting ground of a Felaxir.
Quest rewards on page 106
59

[PAGE 61]
As the campaign progresses and the hunters upgrade their deck and equipment, the monsters also level up their 
cards and abilities, to ensure an appropriate level of challenge. 
Each monster comes in four different aggression levels across the game: Level 0 (Prologue) , level 1, level 2 and level 3.  
When you play a campaign scenario, the monster’s aggression level is determined by your progress through 
the campaign chapters. As shown in the campaign sheet, the aggression level (indicated by the symbol ) 
starts at 1 at the beginning of the campaign, advances to 2 at the start of Chapter 4 , and goes up to 3 at the start of 
Chapter 8 .
To set up the monster of a scenario,  check the aggression level associated with the current campaign chapter 
and use the monster components that correspond to that level. Make sure you follow the rules below:
 •Stance cards  display a specific aggression level in the top left corner of the card: Simply use the set of  
 stance cards (Stance I, Stance II and Stance III) for the appropriate level.
 •When you form the monster’s behavior deck , only use behavior   
 cards that are part of the set used for the current aggression level.  
 Each aggression level is associated with a specific set of aggression  
 icons (as outlined in the table aside). 
 •Peril and objective cards  are double sided cards, with each side  
 showing one of two different aggression levels, as indicated by the  
 corresponding aggression icon. When setting up the monster, use the  
 side that shows the icon included in the set for the current level.
This is the set of stances used for Kharja for aggression level 2
Setup Example: To set up Kharja for aggression level 2, shuffle all behavior cards with aggression icons 
  , 
 , 
  and use 
the side of the peril and objective cards with the aggression icon 
 .
AGGRESSION LEVEL
Campaign Chapters track (campaign sheet)
AGGRESSION ICONS
LEVEL 0 (PROLOGUE)
LEVEL 1
LEVEL 2
LEVEL 3
MONSTER SETUP
2
60

[PAGE 62]
Whether you succeeded or failed, each player removes all their Wound cards from their deck at the end of the 
scenario.
The monsters are designed to be tough, so losing a fight is all part of the game experience.  
Failing a scenario will not compromise the continuation of your campaign unless you are playing the Hunter’s Trial 
variant (for more details on this variant, see page 63).If you succeed,  you have completed the quest. Perform the following steps in order:
1. Read the narrative conclusion  for the scenario.
2. Gain your rewards  for completing the quest. For more details on rewards, see Quest Rewards  below.
3. Add the monster to your Trophies, by marking it on your campaign sheet.
4. Discard the completed quest card and return it to the box.
5. Advance to the next campaign chapter  and begin a new session from the Story phase.The success and failure conditions for a campaign scenario are the same as for the Prologue  (for more details, see 
page 35). 
When you complete a quest, you gain various rewards, which are listed in the Quest Rewards  
section of the Campaign book  (on page 105). Each quest has a specific reward paragraph, which 
is identified by its quest number.
Reward cards  come in various types (items, potion cards and so on) and are identified by their 
correspon ding Reward ID, on the back of the card.  When you unlock a new reward card, find a copy 
of that card in the box and give it to one of the players.
Note: Along with the quest rewards, you will also find a Keeper’s vision , which is a special 
narrative content in the Quest Reward  section that is unique to each completed quest.  This 
contents serve as an extra tool to help players to unravel the mysteries of The Awakening .END OF THE SCENARIO
Rewards can include:
 •A new forge card being unlocked
 •Crafting resources (elements and materials)
 •Plant resources
 •New achievements being unlocked
 •New quests being unlocked
 •New reward cards being unlockedIf you failed,  play through the chapter again, starting from the Quest Board phase  (place the failed quest card 
back in its corresponding space on the quest board).  You can choose to play the same quest again or you may 
decide to change the active quest and try a different scenario. 
Players do not progress to the next campaign chapter until they have successfully completed a quest.  
Note:  When you  play through the chapter again, keep all your resources, your crafted equipment and prepared 
potions. Any potion cards that were consumed during the failed scenario are returned to those players.
QUEST REWARDS
Reward cardReward ID
61

[PAGE 63]
Chapter 11  is the final act of the campaign. When you get there, the story will reach its epic finale.
Any special rules and instructions needed to play the final chapter will be explained in the Campaign book. 
Figure out the story:  In the Campaign book , players will find a list of questions to be answered about the lore of 
the game. As an optional challenge, players may use the narrative content and the information they gathered over 
the course of the campaign to answer as many questions as they can about the mystery behind The Awakening .
You can easily save all the information you need to resume a campaign game by following these  
simple rules:
 •At the end of your game session, each player should keep their card pool, equipment and potions  
 to one side, or separate them within the box.
 •Each time you unlock a quest , mark it with a circle on your campaign sheet.
 •Each time you complete a quest , mark it with a X on your campaign sheet.  
 Note:  This means that when you resume the game, you will know that the quests you need to  
 place on the quest board as being available to play are the ones that are circled, and the quests to  
 be archived will be marked with a X.
 •Each time you advance to a new campaign chapter, mark the completed chapter with a X and  
 the new chapter with a circle. This way you will always know that the circled chapter is the next  
 one to be played.
The core game offers a complete campaign experience, with 30 quests to play, many different paths to 
follow and a wide variety of monsters to fight.  
However, you can enhance your game experience by adding expansions to the core game.
The expansions add new gameplay options, including new quests, monsters, equipment and hunter classes.  
Follow the instructions in the relevant expansion rulebook to find out how to integrate the components.
END OF THE CAMPAIGN
HOW TO SAVE THE GAME
GAME EXPANSIONS
62

[PAGE 64]
The Hunter’s Trial is a variant for experienced players who want to put their skills to the test.
You must decide if you want to use these variant rules at the start of the campaign  (we recommend 
that you play with the standard rules for your first campaign). If you choose to play with the Hunter’s 
Trial variant, use the rules that follow:
At the end  of the campaign,  you are given a Hunter Score.  
To calculate your Hunter Score: Start with 90, subtract the Total Defeats value noted on the campaign 
sheet twice and then add your valor points to the total. 
To summarize, here is the formula to calculate your score:
If you want to reach the highest rankings, your combat 
tactics, crafting strategies and cooperation skills will need to 
be first-rate.
Can you get a clean sweep? • Every time you fail a scenario,  mark a space  
on the Defeat track of your campaign sheet.  
If you fill all 3 spaces on that track, your  
campaign is over  and you must start again  
from Chapter 1 .
 • Every time you successfully complete a  
scenario,  reset the Defeat track and then add 
the number of defeats erased this way to the 
Total Defeats space on the campaign sheet. 
While the Defeat track gets reset each time 
you successfully complete a scenario, the Total 
Defeats value tallies all the defeats you have 
suffered across the whole campaign.
 • If you successfully complete a scenario on 
your first try, gain 2 valor points. Keep track of 
the valor points you earn during the campaign in 
the corresponding space on the campaign sheet.
 • If you successfully complete a scenario without any player being KO’d, gain 2 valor points.  
Note:  If a player  is KO’d and then rises before the end of the scenario, you do not gain any valor 
points, since a player was KO’d during the game.
RANKING
DRAGON SLAYER 130 points
110 points BEAST MASTER
COMMANDER
PRIME HUNTER
EXPERT
ROOKIE
90 points
80 points
65 points
<50 pointsHunter score  =  90 - 2 x[total defeats] + [valor]THE HUNTER’S TRIAL (VARIANT RULES)
63

[PAGE 65]
You’re ready to play your first campaign!
Go to page 8 of the Campaign book  and begin Chapter 1  with the Story phase.LET’S PLAY !
64

[PAGE 66]
The Expedition mode provides a standalone game experience outside of the campaign.
An expedition is a one-shot scenario for 1-4 players, in which you can freely choose which monster to fight, as 
well as your hunter’s equipment and deck. In this game mode, you can experience the wide variety that the game 
offers, including all the customizable options, in its most accessible and streamlined form.  
Note:  Players who prefer to gradually discover the game by progressing through the Campaign mode may wish to 
avoid playing these expeditions at first, so as not to uncover spoilers about specific gameplay features.
HUNTER SETUP 
In Expedition mode, each player chooses a hunter from the 4 characters available and then chooses whether they 
will use a preconstructed deck or build their own. 
Note:  If you choose to play at aggression level 0 (0), simply use your hunter’s starter deck along with a set of 
base equipment cards as for the Prologue .Each monster in the Expedition mode can be played at four different aggression levels: Level 0 (0), level 1 (1), 
level 2 (2) or level 3 (3). Choose the level you wish to play and then follow the rules on page 60 to select the 
monster’s components for that level.  
Note:  The only difference from the rules as explained on page 60 is that in Expedition mode you can decide which 
aggression level you wish to play, whereas in the Campaign mode you have to stick to the level determined by the 
campaign chapter.MONSTER SETUP
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
Example of combat board diagramEXPEDITION RULES
The setup of an expedition scenario follows the same 
rules as for the Prologue,  with the exception of the terrain 
configuration.  
For that step, simply look at the scenario page and set 
out the terrain tokens on the board as illustrated in the 
combat board diagram.
Some scenarios feature special rules  that are specific 
to that particular monster. In those cases, follow the 
instructions provided in the Special Rules  section of the 
scenario page and refer to the Monster Rules  section on 
page 95, if needed.To set up an expedition, choose a scenario from among those featured on pages 67 through 79.  
This booklet contains two expedition scenarios for each monster in the game.SETUP AND PLAY
65

[PAGE 67]
The preconstructed decklists (for each hunter and aggression level) are on page 81, along with suggestions for 
equipment and potion configurations. 
Players who choose to play at level 1, 2, or 3 and wish to build a custom deck to create their own combos and 
strategies must follow these steps:
SUCCESS AND FAILURE CONDITIONS
Expedition scenarios have the same success and failure conditions as the Prologue  scenario (page 35).1. Choose your weapon, armor, helm and item card . You may choose from the equipment cards listed on  
 any forge card in the game, as long as the forge card matches the aggression level of the monster.  
 Note:  The weapon card you choose must correspond to your hunter class.
2. Choose a mastery  from your hunter’s set of mastery cards.
3. Build your action deck. It must include the exact number  
 of , ,  and  as shown on your chosen weapon card . 
 You can use any cards from your hunter’s starter deck and can  
 include upgrade cards from your hunter’s skill tree based on the  
 monster aggression level.  
 This table (right) shows how many upgrade steps you can take  
 in your skill tree based on the monster level (skill tree and  
 upgrade cards are explained in detail on page 49).
4. Choose up to 3 potion cards ( ) from the ones listed on the herbalist card that matches the monster   
 aggression level.    
 Note : You cannot have multiple copies of the same potion.
5. If you have any deck advantages based on the monster’s elemental weaknesses, you may modify your  
 action deck in accordance with the deck advantage rules that are explained in detail on page 51.  
 Note:  You can  check the monster’s elemental weakness on its monster board or in the table on page 52.
LEVEL 1
LEVEL 22
LEVEL 3 6
4UPGRADES
66

[PAGE 68]
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10EXPEDITION 2 EXPEDITION 1VYRAXEN
1x Rock
 2x Brush 2x Cyricae
 1x Plateau
 1x Rock
 1x Baethanis
 1x Cyricae
 1x Brush
 1x Water
67

[PAGE 69]
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10EXPEDITION 2 EXPEDITION 1KHARJA
2x Rock 2x Cyricae
SPECIAL RULES
Damaged sectors: In this scenario, 
players will be instructed to place 
damage tokens in specific sectors on 
the board to indicate they have been 
damaged.
Damaged sectors have no inherent 
effect in the game, but some of Kharja’s  
card abilities will reference them. .
2x Rock
68

[PAGE 70]
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10EXPEDITION 2 EXPEDITION 1TORAMAT
1x Baethanis
 1x Plateau
 2x Rock 1x Wildmaw
 1x Sand
 1x Plateau
 2x Rock 1x Wildmaw
 2x Sand
SPECIAL RULES
Behavior deck setup: Leave Toramat’s 
Crashing Charge and Out of Control 
behavior cards out of the behavior 
deck. These cards are considered 
to be out of play until a card ability 
instructs you to interact with them.
Dust tokens:  This scenario uses dust 
tokens. Keep these tokens near the 
board and use them when instructed 
by card abilities during the game. 
Dust tokens are explained in detail on 
page 95.
Special attrition cards: Remove two 
base attrition cards with an attrition 
value of 1 from the attrition deck, and 
add in Toramat’s special attrition cards 
instead. Special attrition cards are 
explained in detail on page 98.
Hardening track: Set the hardening 
level to 0 by placing the corresponding 
marker in the  space on the 
Hardening track. The Hardening track 
is explained in detail on page 95. 
69

[PAGE 71]
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10EXPEDITION 2 EXPEDITION 1DYGORAX
2x Rock 2x Wildmaw
SPECIAL RULES
Dust tokens: This scenario uses dust 
tokens. Keep these tokens near the 
board and use them when instructed 
by card abilities during the game. 
Dust tokens are explained in detail on 
page 95.
Hardening track: Set the hardening 
level to 0 by placing the corresponding 
marker in the  space on the 
Hardening track.  
The Hardening track is explained in 
detail on page 95. 
2x Rock 1x Wildmaw
 2x Sand
 2x Sand
 1x Baethanis
70

[PAGE 72]
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10EXPEDITION 2 EXPEDITION 1KOROWON
1x Baethanis
 1x Plateau
 2x Rock 1x Synaerea
 1x Brush
 2x Water
 1x Baethanis
 1x Plateau
 1x Synaerea
 2x Sand 2x Water 1x Rock
71

[PAGE 73]
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10EXPEDITION 2 EXPEDITION 1OROUXEN
1x Plateau
 1x Rock
 2x Baethanis 1x Synaerea
 2x Water
 1x Plateau
 1x Rock
 1x Synaerea
 2x Water 1x Fog
 1x Baethanis
 1x Sand
SPECIAL RULES
Debility cards: Each player has a 
reserve of 4 Debility cards associated 
with their hunter (see the matching 
class icon on the card back). Keep 
these cards close at hand and use 
them when instructed by card abilities 
over the course of the game.  
Debility cards are explained in detail 
on page 96.
72

[PAGE 74]
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10EXPEDITION 2 EXPEDITION 1FELAXIR
2x Rock 1x Baethanis
 1x Cyricae
 2x Cyricae 2x Rock 1x Fog
SPECIAL RULES
Special attrition cards: Remove two 
base attrition cards with an attrition 
value of 1 from the attrition deck, and 
add in Felaxir’s  special attrition cards 
instead. Special attrition cards are 
explained in detail on page 98.
73

[PAGE 75]
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10EXPEDITION 2 EXPEDITION 1MORKAAS
1x Baethanis
 1x Cyricae
 2x Rock
 2x Rock
74

[PAGE 76]
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10EXPEDITION 2 EXPEDITION 1OZEW
2x Rock 2x Baethanis
 2x Rock 1x Baethanis
 1x Cyricae
 1x Fog
SPECIAL RULES
Behavior deck setup:  Leave Ozew’s  
Lightning behavior card out of the 
behavior deck. This card is considered 
to be out of play until a card ability 
instructs you to interact with it.
Swarm deck setup (only if you play 
at level 2 or 3): Shuffle Ozew’s  Swarm 
cards to form the swarm deck and 
place it near the monster board. This 
deck of cards is considered to be out 
of play until a card ability instructs you 
to interact with it. Swarm cards are 
explained in detail on page 97 .
Rumble deck setup: Shuffle the 
Rumble cards to form the rumble deck 
and place it near the monster board. 
Rumble cards are special cards that 
are unique to Ozew . They are explained 
in detail on page 96.
75

[PAGE 77]
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10EXPEDITION 2 EXPEDITION 1JEKOROS
2x Rock 1x Baethanis
 2x Water
 2x Water 2x Rock 2x Cyricae
SPECIAL RULES
Charge track: Set the charge level to 0 
by placing the corresponding marker 
in the 
  space on the Charge track. 
The Charge track is explained in detail 
on page 95.
Special attrition cards: Remove all 
base attrition cards with an attrition 
value of 1 from the attrition deck, and 
add in Jekoros’  special attrition cards 
instead. Special attrition cards are 
explained in detail on page 98.
76

[PAGE 78]
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10EXPEDITION 2 EXPEDITION 1HUROM
3x Rock 1x Baethanis
 1x Brush
 3x Rock
SPECIAL RULES
Arkeum tokens: This scenario uses 
Arkeum tokens. Keep these tokens 
near the board and use them when 
instructed by card abilities during the 
game.  
Arkeum tokens are explained in detail 
on page 97 of the Rulebook .
Special attrition cards: Take Hurom’s  
special attrition cards and place them 
near the monster board. These  cards 
are out of play until a card ability 
instructs you to interact with them. 
Special attrition cards are explained in 
detail on page 98 of the Rulebook .
77

[PAGE 79]
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10EXPEDITION 2 EXPEDITION 1TARRAGUA
1x Plateau
 2x Rock 1x Baethanis
 1x Plateau
 2x Rock 2x Fog
78

[PAGE 80]
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
EXPEDITION 1
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
EXPEDITION 2
1. Use the alternative combat board  (back of the board). 
2. Place four ballista tokens  face up in the corners of the combat board (black side up), as shown in the figure.
3. Take the  Awakened’s  extended monster board .
4. Place the  special Awakening cards  in the rightmost two behavior slots on the extended monster board. 
5. Set the storm level to 1 by placing the storm marker in the corresponding space on the Storm track .
6. Remove two base attrition cards with an attrition value of 1 and one with an attrition value of 2 from the attrition deck.  
        Then add in the  Awakened’s  special attrition cards  instead.
7. Build the  Awakened’s  behavior deck by shuffling its signature behavior cards  together with 10 random instinct   
behavior cards. Alternatively, you could choose those 10 instinct behavior cards instead of picking them at random.
8. Take The Commander’s Voice and Artillery Assault special objective cards  (the other special objective cards are only  
 available in Campaign mode).SPECIAL RULES
The Awakened  features special components and rules that are explained in detail on page 99.  
Read those rules and then follow the steps below to set up these expedition scenarios.  
Note:  These expedition scenarios  must be played at level 3.
3x Rock 4x Ballista token 4x Ballista token 2x Rock 1x Plateau
 1x Fog
THE AWAKENED
79

[PAGE 81]
80

[PAGE 82]
Battle Cry
Double Slash
Dragon Strike
Jumping Slice
Massive Strike
Precise StrikeDeflecting Blade
Counterstrike
Guardian Blade
Heavy Clash
Reactive Guard
Voice of the DragonDragon Dash 
Empty Fade
Endurance
Evasive Step
Retreat
Swift DodgeRelentless Assault Aggressive Charge
Engage
Pressing Strike
Quick Attack
Slash to the Flank
Thwart
STARTER DECKDareon  specializes in dealing crushing blows through powerful attacks and combos.
His card abilities offer a versatile range of options, increasing the damage he deals and exploiting the Vulnerable 
keyword to double the impact of his attack.
Due to the high stamina cost of certain cards, cost reduction abilities will be crucial to enable Dareon  to execute 
his most potent assaults. In addition, the keyword abilities Berserker and Resilience will allow you to draw extra 
cards, which are essential for consistently supporting the character’s combo sequences. 
The preconstructed deck’s strategy focuses on building multiple attack sequences, and fully leveraging cost 
reductions and card abilities that allow you to play cards for free. While Red Scale Armor and Spined Helm 
contribute to hand management, Dragon Claw and Woltyar Gauntlet provide tactical damage bonuses, so are 
perfectly suited for maximizing the advantage of the vulnerable condition.
HUNTER DECKLISTS
DAREON - THE GREAT SWORD
81

[PAGE 83]
Battle Cry 
Dragon Strike
Jumping Slice
Lacerate
Precise Strike
Battle Cry 
Dragon Descent
Jumping Slice
Lacerate
Precise Strike
Battle Cry
Blind Rage 
Dragon Descent
Jumping Slice
Lacerate
Precise StrikeBalanced Defense
Counterstrike
Feral Desire
Reactive Guard
Voice of the Dragon
Balanced Defense
Counterstrike
Feral Desire
Reactive Guard
Voice of the Dragon
Balanced Defense
Counterstrike
Feral Desire
Guardian Blade
Reactive Guard
Voice of the Dragon
Endurance
Empty Fade
Evasive Step
Retreat
Dragon Dash
Endurance
Empty Fade
Evasive Step
Retreat
Dragon Dash
Blade Reflex
Endurance
Empty Fade
Evasive Step
Retreat
Dragon DashRelentless Assault
Relentless Assault
Relentless AssaultAggressive Charge
Pressing Strike
Quick Attack
Slash to the Flank
Thwart
Aggressive Charge
Pressing Strike
Quick Attack
Rapid Slash
Slash to the Flank
Aggressive Charge
Pressing Strike
Primal Fury
Quick Attack
Rapid Slash
Slash to the Flank
DECKLIST LEVEL 2DECKLIST LEVEL 1
DECKLIST LEVEL 3
82

[PAGE 84]
Blinding Shot
Cover Fire
Deadly Shot
Heavy Arrow
Precision Draw
Silent ArrowDecoy 
Intuition
Graceful Defense
Lightning Escape
Prompt Reflexes
Swift DeflectionAcrobatics
Backflip
Evasion
Long Range
Ranged Position
Sneaky GlideUltimate Shot Accurate Shot
Adrenaline Shot
Bouncing Shot
Rapid Burst
Sharp Shot
Targeted Shot
STARTER DECKMirah  is a versatile character who has low stamina cost cards and offers a good range of options for both  
offensive and defensive tactics. The excellent draw and recycle effects she commands, reflect her swiftness 
and agility. Her abilities allow her to use Stealth to execute her actions unseen, and she can also make extra 
movements on the board during her Action phase. She can neutralize peril cards using Blind and deal repeated 
damage through Volley.
The preconstructed deck gives you numerous options for drawing and recycling cards, so you can optimize your 
hand. The strategy for this deck is on emptying the action deck as early as possible in the game, so you can focus 
your mastery and trigger its powerful effect. The equipment has been specifically selected so you can cycle 
through your deck faster, while also adding some extra indirect damage into the mix.
MIRAH - THE GREAT BOW
83

[PAGE 85]
Blinding Shot 
Cover Fire
Deadly Shot
Heavy Arrow
Infinite Blast
Silent Arrow
Blinding Shot 
Cover Fire
Double Shot
Heavy Arrow
Infinite Blast
Precision Draw
Blinding Shot 
Cover Fire
Double Shot
Heavy Arrow
Infinite Blast
Precision DrawDecoy
Second Chance
Swift Deflection
Waiting Game
Nock the Arrow
Second Chance
Swift Deflection
Waiting Game
Nock the Arrow
Second Chance
Swift Deflection
Waiting Game
Acrobatics
Evasion
Long Range
Refill the Quiver
Sneaky Glide
Acrobatics
Evasion
Flash Arrow
Long Range
Refill the Quiver
Acrobatics
Evasion
Flash Arrow
Long Range
Refill the QuiverUltimate Shot
Ultimate Shot
Ultimate ShotAdrenaline Shot
Bouncing Shot
Rapid Burst
Sharp Shot
Targeted Shot
Adrenaline Shot
Bouncing Shot
Rapid Burst
Sharp Shot
Targeted Shot
Combined Assault
Bouncing Shot
Midair Shot
Rapid Burst
Targeted Shot
DECKLIST LEVEL 2DECKLIST LEVEL 1
DECKLIST LEVEL 3
84

[PAGE 86]
Disruption
Frontal Assault
Heavy Smash
Ironblast
Knockout
SledgehammerDecisive Effort
Endeavour
Enrage
Iron Will
Tackle
TenacityEvasive Action 
Leverage
Mighty Strain
Perseverance
Sharp Reflexes
Stamina BoostMassive Blow Bludgeon
Charge
Concussion
Exhausting Strike
Rapid Blow
Whirlwind
STARTER DECKThoreg , the leader of the hunting party, is a control-oriented character who combines powerful attacks with the 
effects that remove struggle and offer assistance. The impact of his hammer blows can be devastating, but this 
comes at the cost of having to reduce your hand when you receive Strain, and needing to invest extra stamina 
to amplify your card abilities. While Thoreg  has excellent attack cards that deal a huge amount of damage, the 
tactical options he offers extend beyond that.  
With keyword abilities like Stun, Confuse, and various forms of control, such as cards that cancel the monster’s 
behavior or remove extra struggle, Thoreg  will always offer you a solution to the challenges of the fight.
The preconstructed deck pursues an offensive strategy centered around the mastery Massive Blow, with the 
keyword ability Stun being the key to your game plan. Skullshock is a very solid choice that helps you focus your 
mastery faster, while the other equipment cards encourage an offensive playstyle and invest all your stamina so 
you can reach your full potential.
THOREG - THE HAMMER
85

[PAGE 87]
Disruption
Frontal Assault
Heavy Smash
Ironblast
Knockout
Sledgehammer
Disruption
Heavy Smash
Ironblast
Knockout
Sledgehammer
Stormstrike
Disruption
Heavy Smash
Ironblast
Knockout
Stormstrike
Tear DownAdrenaline Rush
Decisive Effort
Enrage
Tackle
Tenacity
Adrenaline Rush
Decisive Effort
Enrage
Tackle
Tenacity
Adrenaline Rush
Decisive Effort
Enrage
Tackle
Tenacity
Evasive Action
Perseverance
Step Back
Mighty Strain
Chase
Deep Breath
Evasive Action
Mighty Strain
Chase
Deep Breath
Evasive Action
Mighty StrainMassive Blow
Massive Blow
Massive BlowConcussion
Exhausting Strike
Impressive Strike
Rapid Blow
Whirlwing
Concussion
Exhausting Strike
Impressive Strike
Rapid Blow
Whirlwing
Concussion
Exhausting Strike
Impressive Strike
Rapid Blow
Whirlwing
DECKLIST LEVEL 2DECKLIST LEVEL 1
DECKLIST LEVEL 3
86

[PAGE 88]
Aggro Strike
Beyond Limits
Concentrated Attack
Rapid Dash
Shield Dance
Shielded StrikeAttack Plan
Battle Trance
Immolate
Last Breath
Shield Block
Undaunted ChargeAgility
Anticipate
Feint
Momentum
Perseverance
Stamina SurgeShield Master Bulwark
Counterattack
Drawn to Danger
Push
Surround
Tempo
STARTER DECKAs the team support, Ljonar  offers a wide range of tactical options for you to create synergies with fellow hunters 
and protect them from the monster.  
With his imposing shield, Ljonar  assumes the role of the group tank, with card abilites that range from support 
efforts to impactful reactions to the monster’s attacks - such as drawing cards through Resilience or triggering 
special effects by using Retaliate.  
Furthermore, Ljonar  possesses the ability to control the monster with Taunt, which manipulates the orientation of 
the monster, while consistently bolstering his allies. 
The strategy of the preconstructed deck revolves around executing sequences of parry and attack cards,  
maximizing the benefits conferred by Thundercore and Shield Master. While Red Scale Armor helps with your hand 
size, other equipment cards enable you to retrieve cards from your discard pile so you can push forward with your 
strategy.
LJONAR - SWORD & SHIELD
87

[PAGE 89]
Beyond Limits
Over Here!
Rapid Dash
Shield Dance
Shield Strike
Beyond Limits
Over Here!
Rapid Dash
Shield Dance
Shield Strike
Beyond Limits
Over Here!
Rapid Dash
Shield Dance
Shield StrikeAttack Plan 
Battle Trance
Immolate
Last Breath
Shield Block
Shield Smash
Attack Plan 
Battle Trance
Last Breath
Shield Block
Shield Smash
Tempered Pain
Attack Plan 
Battle Trance
Last Breath
Shield Block
Shield Smash
Tempered Pain
Agility
Anticipate
Feint
Perseverance
Agility
Feint
Mettle
Perseverance
Agility
Feint
Mettle
SnareShield Master
Shield Master
Shield MasterBulwark
Counterattack
Drawn to Danger
Push
Sacrifice
Bulwark
Counterattack
Drawn to Danger
Push
Sacrifice
Bulwark
Counterattack
Pulsating Fury
Push
Sacrifice
DECKLIST LEVEL 2DECKLIST LEVEL 1
DECKLIST LEVEL 3
88

[PAGE 90]
Brush : At the start of your Movement 
phase, if you are in a sector with a Brush 
terrain, you may recycle a dodge card  
() from your hand to hide in the brush. 
If you do, place your miniature on the 
Brush terrain token. Your turn pauses and 
play passes to the next player in player 
order. Then name a player who has not 
yet played their turn this round. When 
that player has completed their turn, leave 
the brush and resume your turn with the 
Movement phase.  
While your turn is paused, you are not the 
active player and you cannot assist other 
players or taunt the monster.  
When you resume your turn, you are once 
again the active player and you play out 
the rest of your turn in the usual way.
Note: Only  one player at a time can hide 
in the brush.  
(See Assist, Recycle  X and  Taunt in the 
Glossary  section on page 106)Fire : While there is a Fire terrain in your 
sector (regardless of whether the fire is 
red or yellow), you cannot play cards into 
your sequence.
Fire terrains can be placed on the combat 
board as a consequence of card abilities. 
When a Fire terrain token comes into play, 
it is placed on the board with its red side 
face up. At the end of the round, flip any 
Fire terrain tokens to their yellow side. If a 
Fire is already yellow, remove it from the 
game instead.  
Note : If you are instructed to place a Fire 
terrain but there is already a Fire in that 
sector, flip that Fire to its red side instead. 
All players in that sector suffer burning  
(See Burning  on page 107 of the Glossary  
section)
Terrain interaction : When you place a 
Fire terrain:
 •Remove any bru sh in that sector   
 from the game.
 •Remove any water  in that sector   
 from the game and replace it with a  
 Fog terrain.Cyricae : When you play an attack card 
in your sequence, if there is a Cyricae  
terrain in your sector, increase the damage 
that attack deals by your weapon level.Baethanis : At the start of your turn, if 
you are in a sector with a Baethanis  
terrain, heal damage equal to your  
weapon level.  
(See Heal X  on page 109 of the Glossary  
section)TERRAINAs you play through either the Campaign or Expedition mode, you may encounter special rules that apply to 
monsters and terrain tokens. Refer to this section of the Rulebook  whenever you need to know the special rules for 
a specific scenario.  
Note:  The setup  rules for each scenario always indicate which terrains are to be used and which special rules 
apply to that monster.
The terrain tokens represent the natural environment around the combat scene, and feature special game effects 
that apply to the sector of the combat board they are placed in. The rules for each terrain are explained below:ADDITIONAL RULES
89

[PAGE 91]
Rock : When you would suffer attrition 
damage but you are in a sector with a 
Rock terrain, you may remove that terrain 
token from the game to prevent that 
damage.Sand : When you move from a sector 
with a Sand terrain, increase the stamina 
cost of that movement by 1.
Wildmaw : At the end of your turn, if 
you are in a sector with a Wildmaw terrain 
and you are threatened, suffer damage 
equal to your weapon level.Synaerea : At the start of your turn, if 
you are in a sector with a Synaerea terrain, 
you may suffer damage equal to your 
weapon level to draw 1.
Water : While you are in a sector with 
a Water terrain, your sequence limit is 3 
(instead of 5).  
Note:  A Water terrain modifies your 
standard sequence limit, but does 
not prevent any card ability or other 
game effect from increasing (or further 
decreasing) your sequence limit.
Water Spread:  You cannot place more 
than one Water terrain token in each 
sector. If you are instructed to place a 
Water terrain token in a sector that already 
has one, place a Water terrain token in 
each of its adjacent sectors instead.Plateau : At the end of your turn, if you 
are in a sector with a Plateau terrain, you 
may decide to move onto the plateau.  
If you do, place your hunter miniature on 
that terrain token. 
While you are on the plateau, whenever 
a behavior card is revealed, you may 
immediately place your hunter miniature 
on that behavior card. If you do, perform 
the following steps:
1. Cancel the effects of that behavior  
 card (e.g. skip the Reaction step of  
 that card resolution).
2. Perform a riding check.  
 (See Riding  check on page 111)  
Note 1:  If you  start your turn on a 
plateau, you must immediately step off it 
(place your miniature anywhere else in 
that same sector).  
Note 2: Only  one player at a time can be 
on a plateau.Fog : When you move into a sector with 
a Fog terrain, you become threatened. 
90

[PAGE 92]
91MONSTERS
This section contains all the rules you need to know about the monsters in the game.  
Specifically, it explains all the reaction icons and the special rules that apply to specific monsters.  
It also includes a comprehensive list of all the trophy icons, which will help you identify the monsters and their 
related components during the scenario setup.
MONSTER TROPHIES
Each monster in the game has a unique trophy icon that helps you identify the components for that monster.  
Below is a list of all the monster names and their corresponding trophy icons:
Korowon Toramat Hurom Felaxir
Orouxen Dygorax Tarragua Morkraas KharjaVyraxen Ozew
JekorosThe AwakenedCORE GAME
Zekath Zekalith Taraska XitherosNIGHTMARE EXPANSIONPazis Nagarjas Sirkaaj Mamuraak Hydar ReikalVENOM EXPANSION FEATHER EXPANSION ICE EXPANSION
91

[PAGE 93]
92

[PAGE 94]
Trigger:  When you resolve another behavior 
card in play (which is called the triggering 
behavior) during the Rampage step of that 
card resolution (see Behavior Card Resolution  
on page 32).  
Note:  Behavior  cards with this reaction icon 
are called rampage cards  and follow special 
resolution rules:
 • A triggered rampage card must be  
immediately revealed and resolved:  
Turn it face up and apply its effects by  
resolving the base ability text and its 
boost effect, if it has one. 
 • Discard the triggered rampage card (and 
refill the behavior slot), along with the 
triggering behavior card, during the final 
step of that card resolution. Trigger:  When a player starts their turn in the 
front sector.
Trigger:  When a player starts their turn in a 
flank sector.
Trigger:  When a player starts their turn in the  
rear sector.Trigger:  At the end of the round.
Trigger:  After the monster turns to face a 
different sector (i.e. changes its orientation). This section lists all the reaction icons you will come across in the game. Each icon represents a specific triggering 
condition, as listed below (see page 31 for more details on the monsters' reaction system): BEHAVIOR REACTION ICONS
Trigger:  After a player moves into a sector 
with a Water terrain. 
Trigger:  At the end of the Attrition phase.Trigger: At the start of a player’s turn, if that 
player is in a sector with a Water terrain.
Trigger:  After a player becomes threatened.
Note:  When  a player would become threatened 
but they are already threatened, this reaction 
triggers anyway. Trigger:  After a player plays an aggro card in 
their sequence.
Trigger:  After a player moves.Trigger:  After a player plays a maneuver card 
in their sequence.
Trigger:  After a player plays a parry card in 
their sequence.
Trigger:  After the active player plays an 
offensive card in their sequence.Trigger:  After the active player plays two 
offensive cards, next to each other in their 
sequence.  
Note:  The behavior card is triggered after you 
play the second card in that sequence.Trigger:  After the active player plays a  
defensive card in their sequence.
Trigger:  After the active player plays two 
defensive cards, next to each other in their 
sequence.  
Note:  The behavior card is triggered after you 
play the second card in that sequence.Trigger:  After a player plays a dodge card in 
their sequence.Trigger:  After a player plays an attack card in 
their sequence.
93

[PAGE 95]
Trigger: At the start of a player’s turn, if there 
is at least one player in the rear sector.
Some behavior cards have two reaction icons instead of one.  
These behavior cards can be triggered by any of those triggering 
conditions (i.e. only one condition is needed for the card to be 
triggered).  
Note:  If there  are multiple reaction icons, the icons are separated 
by "/" (which stands for "or "). 
Trigger:  As soon as this card comes into play 
to fill a behavior slot.  
Special Resolution:  If there are multiple 
triggered behavior cards in play, resolve this 
behavior card before all the other cards.
Trigger:  At the start of a player’s turn, if there 
is at least one player in a flank sector.Trigger: After a player empties their hand 
(i.e. has zero cards in their hand after playing, 
discarding or any other game effect).  
Note:  The behavior  card is triggered once the 
event that led to the player having zero cards 
in their hand has been completely resolved. 
MULTIPLE REACTION ICONS
94

[PAGE 96]
Some scenarios feature unique game components and special rules that are not explained elsewhere in the  
Rulebook , as they only apply to specific monsters. This section contains all those additional rules, labeled by their 
corresponding monster. The setup instructions for each scenario will indicate when you need to refer to the rules 
in this section.  
Note:  This section  contains spoilers!  Do not read it until you are instructed to do so by a scenario.
HARDENING TRACK (TORAMAT, DYGORAX )
Dust is a special token that is placed on the board as 
a result of some monsters' card abilities.
At the start of your Attrition phase, immediately 
take a disrupt token  for each Dust in your sector. 
When you receive a disrupt token, place it on a 
defensive card in your sequence. That card does not 
count during your attrition check this turn. Discard 
any disrupt tokens at the end of your Attrition phase.
At the end of the round, remove all Dust tokens from 
the board.  
Note:  You can have a maximum of 2 Dust tokens per 
sector.DUST TOKEN  (TORAMAT, DYGORAX )CHARGE TRACK (JEKOROS )
The Charge track is a special track on the monster 
board that measures the monster’s charge level over 
the course of the game. 
 
 
 
 
 
Each time you are  instructed to increase the charge 
level by X, move the charge marker X spaces along 
the track.
Jekoros’  card abilities will interact with the charge 
level during the game.The Hardening track is a special track on the monster 
board that measures the monster’s hardening level 
over the course of the game.
 
 
 
Each  time you are  instructed to increase the  
hardening level by X, move the hardening marker X 
spaces along the track.
When the hardening level reaches 3, the monster 
becomes Hardened  (see Hardened  on page 109).
Note: The monster  remains hardened as long as the 
hardening level is at 3. MONSTER RULES
Dust tokensHardening track Charge track
95

[PAGE 97]
DEBILITY CARD (OROUXEN )
Some of Orouxen ’s card abilities will instruct players to add Debility 
cards to their hand or discard pile.
Just like Wound cards, Debility cards clog up a player’s deck.  
In addition, as stated in their ability text, you must place the Debility 
cards in your hand in your sequence at the start of your turn: They  
count towards your sequence limit as if they were action cards.  
When you discard the action cards in your sequence during your End 
of turn step, discard all Debility cards in your sequence as well.  
Note:  At the end of the scenario, all players must remove all the 
Debility cards from their deck, just as for Wound cards.RUMBLE CARD (OZEW )
Rumble cards are special cards that indicate specific sectors of the 
board. Some Ozew’s  card abilities will relate to those sectors in the 
game.
Each Rumble card features a diagram that represents the sides of 
the monster (oriented so that the front side is at the bottom) and 
highlights specific sides in yellow .  
While a Rumble card is active, the sectors of the combat board that 
correspond to the sides highlighted in yellow are  called  marked 
sectors . 
Note:  When a Rumble  card becomes active, discard the previous 
active Rumble card, if any. If you are instructed to reveal a card 
from the rumble deck but the deck is empty, you must shuffle the 
rumble discard pile to create a new deck, and then reveal the card.
Rumble card
Debility card
96

[PAGE 98]
Swarm cards are special cards that enter play as a result of card 
abilities that are specific to Ozew .
Each Swarm card has an ability that remains active as long as 
the swarm card is in play.
In addition, you cannot deal damage to Ozew while a Swarm 
card is in play:  When a player would normally deal damage to 
Ozew , they instead choose a Swarm card that is in play (if any) to 
be the target of that damage.
To defeat a Swarm card and thus remove it from play, players 
have to deal a cumulative amount of damage equal to or 
higher than  Ozew ’s toughness value.  
Note:  When  you deal damage to a Swarm card, if you defeat that 
card, any excess damage is lost.SWARM CARD (OZEW )
ARKEUM TOKENS (HUROM )
Arkeum tokens are placed on the board as a result of card abilities that are specific to Hurom .
As described in Hurom’s  Floating Stones peril card ability, these tokens protect Hurom  from 
the players’ attacks: When you play an attack card, if you are in a sector with an Arkeum 
token, that token prevents any damage you would normally deal to Hurom . Then remove  
that Arkeum token from the board.  
Note:  In each  sector, you can have a maximum of 1 Arkeum token per player.
Arkeum tokens
Swarm card
97

[PAGE 99]
SPECIAL ATTRITION CARDS (TORAMAT, FELAXIR, JEKOROS, HUROM, THE AWAKENED )
Some monsters have special attrition cards that are added into 
the attrition deck during the scenario setup (the setup rules for 
the scenario will explain how to form the attrition deck when 
using these cards).  
Note:  You can  identify a monster's special attrition card by the 
trophy icon on the front of the card (see image). 
Special attrition cards may require the player to have specific 
defensive cards in their sequence instead of generic ones ( ). 
For example, if you draw an attrition card that shows 1  or 
1 , you must have at least 1 card of that color in your sequence 
to avoid attrition damage.  
Note:  The special abilities or color requirements of a special 
attrition card may give a worse outcome than a basic attrition 
card in terms of avoiding attrition damage (e.g. if that player 
has no  in their sequence, a special attrition card with 1  
could prove to be worse than a basic attrition card with 2 ).
Special Attrition cards
98

[PAGE 100]
This section explains the special rules you need to play a scenario against  the Awakened .THE AWAKENED
EXTENDED MONSTER BOARD
The Awakened’s  monster board has two sections, to create 6 behavior slots instead of the standard 3 (see below). 
At the beginning of the game,  the Awakened  has 4 behavior slots available: The final two (rightmost) are occupied 
by special Awakening cards that lock those slots. Over the course of the game, the monster will remove the 
Awakening cards through specific card abilities that unlock those behavior slots.
Once unlocked, the additional slots follow the standard behavior slot rules and must be filled (and then refilled 
each time) with behavior cards from the top of the behavior deck.  
Note:  Although  they occupy the behavior slots, Awakening cards are not behavior cards.
Ballista tokens are placed in the corner of the combat board and 
represent the weaponry supporting the hunters in their battle 
against the  Awakened .
During the game, the ballistas will activate at the end of each round 
as described in the objective card ability Artillery Assault.  
Each ballista targets the two sectors nearest to its corner of the board. 
A ballista  is considered to have line of sight to the monster if one 
of its targeted sectors is the front sector  (see the examples).BALLISTA TOKENS
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
A ballista can be in either an unloaded  state 
(with the grey side visible) or a loaded  state (with 
the black side visible).
Only ballistas 1 and 2 have line of sight to the 
monster, because they target the front sector.Ballistas and their targeted sectors.
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
22
99

[PAGE 101]
STORM TRACK
The Storm track is a special track on the monster board that measures the storm level over the course of the game.
Each time you are instructed to increase/decrease the storm level by X, move the storm marker forward/backward 
along the Storm track by X spaces.
As shown in the image, instead of being displayed on the stance cards, the Awakened ’s damage value is  
determined by the storm level.  
The damage value starts at 4 and then increases as the storm level reaches specific spaces along the Storm track.
SPECIAL ATTRITION CARDS
The Awakened  features the following special attrition cards:
These cards follow the same special attrition card rules as explained on page 98.
The Awakened  has 5 stance cards instead of 3.  
The stances follow the standard stance card rules, with the only exception being that the cards do not display the 
monster’s damage value (the monster’s damage value is determined by the storm level).STANCE DECK
100

[PAGE 102]
The Awakened  has a pool of 22 behavior cards. These cards 
are divided into two categories:
Signature behavior cards : These behavior cards are  
identified by the  Awakened’s trophy icon  (see the card  
anatomy on the right) and represent the unique moves that 
are specific to the  Awakened .
Instinct behavior cards: The Awakened  has 1 instinct  
behavior card for each of the other monsters in the game. 
These cards are identified by the corresponding monster’s 
trophy icon (see the card anatomy on the right).
While signature cards must always be included in the 
Awakened’s  behavior deck, the instinct cards are added in 
according to the specific rules of the scenario.  
This offers a large number of possible combinations that 
add to the variety and unpredictability of the fight in both 
Campaign and Expedition modes.  
Note:  See the  Monster Rules  section (on page 91) for any 
special rules that might relate to specific instinct cards.
The Awakened's  set of cards includes 
objective cards that have a special card 
layout (the anatomy of these cards is 
shown in the image).  
Note: While The Commander’s Voice and 
Artillery Assault are always included in the 
setup of the scenario, The Heartpiercer is 
specific to Campaign mode and only used 
if you have unlocked it through certain 
achievements over the course of the 
campaign. INSTINCT AND SIGNATURE BEHAVIOR CARDS
SPECIAL OBJECTIVE CARDS & SEALED ENVELOPE
The game also includes 1 sealed envelope  with the  
Reward ID S3.  
Do not open it  until the game instructs you to do so.
This envelope is specific to Campaign mode and contains a 
secret card that is unlocked by certain achievements. 
The Awakened’s Signature  
behavior card
The Awakened’s Instinct  
behavior card
Sealed envelope
Reward ID
101

[PAGE 103]
If you are playing in Campaign mode, you may be able to unlock special equipment sets.  
If you do, players may use these equipment cards in the final scenario against the  Awakened .
The ability text on these cards interacts with the special mechanics of the  Awakened , so the special  
equipment sets  can only be used during that scenario . 
Note:  These cards  are only available as unlocked components in Campaign mode. Do not use them in Expedition 
mode. LEGENDARY EQUIPMENT SET
102

[PAGE 104]
This section is a practical and concise reference for special game terms, keywords and icons that you might come 
across as you play through the scenarios. Refer to this section if you have any questions while playing the game.
THE PRIMAL RULE
If players are unable to find the answer to a rule or timing conflict in the Rulebook , resolve the conflict in the way  
that the players believe to be the worst possible resolution at that moment for defeating the monster and successfully 
completing the scenario.THE GOLDEN RULE
If the text on a card directly contradicts the text of the Rulebook , the text on the card takes precedence.
ICONS
 : This icon refers to an attack card (i.e. a red  
          action card).  
 
 : This icon refers to a maneuver card (i.e. a blue  
          action card).  
 
 : This icon refers to a parry card (i.e. a yellow  
          action card).  
 
 : This icon refers to a dodge card (i.e. a green  
          action card).
Note:  , , ,  are also used as  triggering 
icons related to playing cards of a specific color in 
your sequence (see page 105).COLOR ICONS
CARD TYPE ICONS : This icon refers to the number of players that  
       started the scenario. Card ability texts use X  to    
       indicate the number of players multiplied by X.  
       Note:  A player  that is KO’d still counts towards . 
-1: This icon refers to the number of players minus  
         one. (See also: ) 
/2: This icon means half of the number of players  
          that started the scenario (rounded down).  
          (See also: )
 
 : This icon refers to a stamina resource.  
       When paying a stamina cost, each action card    
       you discard from your hand generates 1 stamina  
       for each  shown in its bottom left corner (paying  
       a stamina cost is explained in detail on page 20).  
       Note:  When an ability text says that you must  
       pay , it means you must pay that amount of  
       stamina as a stamina cost.GENERAL ICONSGLOSSARY
 : This icon refers to an offensive action card  
          (i.e. a maneuver or attack card).
 : This icon refers to a defensive action card  
          (i.e. a parry or dodge card).  
Note :  and  can also be used as triggering 
icons related to playing cards of a specific type in 
your sequence.
103

[PAGE 105]
++11 : During the game, the monster might add            
          bonuses to its damage value. When that  
          happens, track those bonuses by placing a  
          bonus damage token (+2+1) on the current  
          stance card.  
          Note:  Card  abilities that give a damage bonus  
          will specify how long that bonus lasts. Discard  
          the token to indicate that the monster no     
          longer has that bonus.
 
 : This icon doubles the damage of .  
            Note:  When  you suffer , the amount  
            of damage is considered to be a single source  
            of damage. Card abilities that prevent  also  
            prevent  .
            (See also: ) /   /   /   : 
These are the class icons that represent the different 
hunter classes: Great Sword / Great Bow / Hammer 
/ Sword and Shield.   
When you see these icons in card abilities, they refer 
to your weapon level.  
When any of these icons is preceded by a number, 
designates the total you obtain by multiplying that 
number by your weapon level (e.g. for Dareon, Great 
Sword , 2 means “two times your weapon level”).  
Note:  Your weapon  level is shown in the top right 
corner of your weapon card, below the weapon name.  
 : An action card that has this red icon in the top  
           right corner of the card is called an aggro card.  
           When you play an aggro card in your        
           sequence, immediately take the aggro token.  
           Note:  In the card  ability texts, this icon is used  
           in place of “aggro card” . For example, if a card  
           says that a player must discard  from their  
           hand, it means they have to discard an aggro  
           card (see also: Aggro player ).
 : This icon refers to the monster’s damage value,  
          which is indicated on the current stance card.  
          Each time an ability card states that a player  
          suffers , it means that player must suffer  
          damage equal to the monster’s damage value.  
          Note: Some  ability texts might say that a player  
           suffers +X, meaning that they must add X  
          additional damage to the monster’s damage  
          value.TRIGGERING ICONS
 : [Ability]  
This icon refers to the focused state of your mastery 
card (you can find this icon at the top of your 
mastery card when it is on its focused side).  
When you play an action card in your sequence, if 
that card ability text begins with this icon, it means 
you can only resolve the [Ability]  if your mastery 
card is focused (mastery cards are explained in 
detail on page 25).
104

[PAGE 106]
[Color]: [Ability]  
A card ability that begins with a color icon ([Color]) 
means that the [Ability] is triggered when you play a 
card of that [Color] in your sequence.
In some cases, [Color] is not a single icon, but a 
specific sequence of color icons. This means the 
[Ability] is triggered when you play cards of those 
exact colors in that specific order into your sequence 
(the [Ability] is triggered when you play the final card 
required for that color sequence).
 
 
 
 
 
As you progress, [Color] icons may be substituted 
with [Card Type] icons, meaning the same rules 
apply, but reference is made to the card’s type, 
whether offensive ( ) or defensive ( ), rather than 
its color.  
Note:  When  [Color] is a sequence of icons of the 
same color, you can trigger the [Ability] multiple 
times simply by extending the sequence of that same 
color. 
 
In the example above, by playing  in your 
sequence, you would trigger the ability twice.  
The 2nd and the 3rd card together satisfy the 
triggering condition a second time.  
 [Color] : [Ability]  
An action card ability that  
has the symbol  before a color trigger means you 
can trigger the [Ability] if the next card you play in 
your sequence is a card of that [Color].  
(A detailed example of this trigger can be found on 
pages 24-25)
 
[Color]  : [Ability]  
An action card ability that has a color icon followed 
by the symbol  means you can trigger the [Ability] 
if the previous card in your sequence is a card of that 
[Color].
Examples of color triggers
Example of triggering icons with the symbol Relentless Assault (Dareon)
105

[PAGE 107]
Acceleration token  (
+) 
The monster gains acceleration from specific 
card abilities. Each time that happens, place an 
acceleration token on the monster board. During 
the Monster Upkeep  phase, the monster gains 1 
additional struggle for each acceleration token it has  
(See  also: Unleash: [Ability] ) 
 
Active player  
The player who is currently playing their turn is 
called the active player.  
Note:  If a card ability targets the active player, but 
there is no active player at that point in the game (i.e. 
the active player has been KO'd), that card ability or 
effect has no effect.  
(See als o: KO'd ) 
 
Action: [Ability ] 
A card ability that begins with the keyword Action 
followed by an ability ([Ability]) means you can 
resolve that [Ability] as an action during the Action 
phase of your turn.  
 
Adjacent sector  
Two sectors of the combat board are said to be 
adjacent if they share a common border.  
 
Aggro player  
This is the player with the aggro token.  
 
Aim  (Mirah ) 
This is a card trait. A trait has no inherent effect in 
the game, but card abilities may reference other 
cards that possess or lack specific traits.  
(See also : Trait ) 
 
Assist  
During another player’s turn, either before or after 
any action, you may perform an Assist by discarding 
a card with the keyword Assist from your hand. If you 
do, the active player draws 1.  
Note:  You can  only Assist once per turn (although 
the active player may receive one Assist from each of 
the other players).  Attrition check  
During their Attrition phase, a player must perform an 
attrition check. To perform an attrition check, resolve 
these steps in order: 
1. Reveal the top card of the attrition deck.
2. Suffer attrition damage (equal to ), unless  
       you have as many or more defensive cards in  
       your sequence as the attrition value revealed.
3. Discard any attrition card revealed.
Note:  If you  are threatened, you must reveal two 
attrition cards instead of one and use the attrition 
value that gives the worst outcome in terms of 
avoiding the attrition damage.  
(See also : Avoid attrition damage , ) 
 
Avoid attrition  damage  
The active player is said to have avoided attrition 
damage if they do not suffer that damage during 
their Attrition phase.  
Note:  When the  active player would suffer attrition 
damage but a card ability or any other effect in the 
game prevents that damage, the active player is said 
to have avoided attrition damage.  
(See also : Attrition check ) 
 
Base weapon  damage  
The base weapon damage is the printed damage 
value on your weapon card. This value does not take 
into account any modifiers from card abilities or 
game effects.  
(See also: Weapon damage ) 
 
Behavior card in play  
A behavior card is considered to be in play when it 
occupies one of the behavior slots on the monster 
board.  
 
Berserker  
This is a keyword ability. When you play a card with 
the keyword Berserker in your sequence, you enter 
the berserker state and remain in that state until the 
end of your turn. While in the berserker state, draw 1 
each time you play an attack card in your sequence.  KEYWORDS
106

[PAGE 108]
Blank  
When a card is considered to be blank, treat that 
card as if it had no ability text.  
Note:  Traits  at the bottom of the card (e.g. Aim, Slash  
and Impetus ) are not part of the card ability text and 
still count for any card interactions, even if the card 
is considered to be blank.  
 
Blind  
This is a keyword ability. When you inflict Blind, 
choose a peril card in play. That peril is  
considered to be blank until the start of your next turn.
Note:  Use the  blind token ( ) to show a peril card 
has been made blank.  
(See  also: Immune to blind ) 
 
Burning  
When you suffer burning, take the corresponding 
burning token ( ) and place it on your hunter 
board. Then the next time you empty your deck, 
discard the burning token and suffer damage equal 
to your weapon level.  
If you suffer burning but you already have a burning 
token, discard the top 5 cards of your deck instead.
Note:  Damage  suffered from burning is different from 
fatigue damage. They are considered to be different 
sources of damage and so must be dealt with 
separately.  
(See also : Empty (deck) , Fatigue Damage ) 
 
Cancel the effects  
When you cancel the effects of a behavior card, skip 
the Reaction step of that cards resolution.  
Note:  The Rampage  and Discard and Replenish 
steps are resolved normally.  
 
Captured  
When you are captured, perform the following steps:
1. Discard all cards from your hand and your      
       sequence.
2. Place your hunter miniature on the monster  
       board.
3. End your turn: Skip any phase and any End of  
       turn steps.
Play passes to the next player.While captured , you skip the Consume phase at the 
start of the round. You cannot draw cards or be the 
target of any game effects until the start of your next 
turn.
At the start  of your next turn, perform the following 
steps in order:
1. Place your hunter miniature in the front sector.
2. Draw up to your hand size limit.
3. Suffer damage equal to your weapon level.
4. Discard the top 2 cards of your deck.  
If a  is discarded this way, play your turn 
normally. Otherwise, skip your turn.
Note:  You cannot have more than one player 
captured at any one time. If a player would be 
captured but another player is already captured, 
the player that would otherwise become captured 
suffers damage equal to their weapon level instead.
Note:  If there  is only one player  standing and that 
player becomes captured, follow the instructions for 
being captured and continue the game as normal.  
 
Claw  (Kharja ) 
This is a card trait. A trait has no inherent effect in the 
game, but card abilities may reference other cards 
that possess or lack specific traits.   
(See also: Trait ) 
 
Confuse  
This is a keyword ability. When you confuse the 
monster, place the confused token ( ) on the 
monster board and turn the monster to a sector of 
your choice.  
The next time the monster would activate a boost 
effect, discard the confused token instead and 
cancel that effect (the monster still pays the boost 
cost). Then at the start of the next round, if the 
confused token is still in play, it is discarded (boost 
effects are explained in detail on page 32).  
 
Consume : [Ability]  
A card ability that begins with the keyword Consume 
means you can only resolve the [Ability] during the 
Consume phase of each round. If you do, resolve the 
[Ability] and then remove the card from the game 
(return it to the box).  
107

[PAGE 109]
Note:  Each player  can only resolve one Consume 
ability per round.  
 
Counter  
Many cards in the game require the players to keep 
track of cumulative actions so they can trigger 
effects and abilities.  
Use the counter tokens when you are instructed to 
place a counter on a card.  
 
Critical  health  
A hunter’s health is critical when it is reduced to half 
its value (rounded down) or less.  
(See also:  Health value/Health points ) 
 
Current  attrition level  
The current attrition level is the attrition value of 
the top card of the attrition discard pile. Some card 
abilities (such as the Alemore potion card) interact 
with this value.  
 
Dazed  
When you become dazed, take the corresponding 
dazed token ( ) and place it on your hunter 
board. Then the next time you play a  in your 
sequence, discard the dazed token and consider that 
card to be blank.  
Note:  The  you play still removes 1 struggle as 
usual, but the ability text is ignored.  
(See  also: Blank ) 
 
Defense  token  ( ) 
When you gain this token, place it on your hunter 
board. It counts as a defensive card in your sequence 
for your attrition check. Discard this token at the end 
of your attrition check.  
Note : This  token does not count towards the color 
requirements for special attrition cards.  
(See  also: Attrition check ) 
 
Deplete  token ( ) 
When you are KO’d, you must choose either your 
helm or armor card and place a deplete token on it. 
The health points of depleted equipment cards do 
not count towards your health value.  
If both your armor and your helm cards get depleted, 
you are out of the game. If so, keep the KO token in front of you, on its red side, until the end of the 
scenario.  
(See  also: KO’d ) 
 
Disrupt  token  ( ) 
When you take this token, place it on your hunter 
board. During your Attrition phase, if you have a 
disrupt token, you must place it on a defensive card 
in your sequence. That card does not count for your 
attrition check this turn. Discard this token at the end 
of your Attrition phase.  
Note:  If you have  a defense token, disrupt cancels 
that token instead.  
(See also : Attrition check , Defense token ) 
 
Empty  (deck)  
When you draw or discard (or remove from the deck 
by any other game effect) the last card of your deck, 
you have emptied your deck. When that happens, 
you suffer fatigue damage equal to your weapon 
level and then reshuffle your discard pile to form a 
new deck.  
(See also : Fatigue damage ) 
 
Empty  (hand)  
A player has emptied their hand when they end up 
with zero cards in their hand after playing, discarding 
or any other game effect.  
 
Enhancement : [Ability]  
A boost ability text that begins with this keyword 
means you must resolve the [Ability] along with 
the behavior card's base ability as a modification/
enhancement of that ability text.  
 
Escalation  
When the  behavior deck is emptied (i.e. when the 
last behavior card in the deck enters play or is 
discarded by any game effect), the monster escalates: 
Immediately reshuffle the behavior discard pile to 
form a new deck and the monster gains  
1 struggle.  
 
Escalation : [Ability]  
A card ability that begins with the keyword 
Escalation followed by an ability ([Ability]) means 
you must trigger that [Ability] when the monster 
108

[PAGE 110]
Hand  size limit  
Your hand size limit is the maximum number of cards 
you can have in your hand at the end of your turn.  
Check your hand during the refill step at the end of 
your turn, and either discard down to or draw up to 
your hand size limit.  
 
Hardened  
Some monsters become hardened during the game. 
While a monster is hardened:
 •Each time you convert damage into wounds,  
       remove all damage the monster currently       
       sustains (i.e. any excess damage is not    
       retained).
 •The monster cannot be stunned.
 •The monster cannot be confused.
 •You cannot inflict Vulnerable.
(See also: Stun , Confuse , Vulnerable , Wound 
(monster) ) 
 
Heal  X 
This is a keyword ability. When you are instructed to 
Heal X, remove X damage tokens from your hunter 
board.  
 
Health  (Monster)  
The monster starts the game with 10 health, which is 
tracked using the Health track on the monster board.  
Each time a player inflicts a wound on the monster, 
reduce the monster’s health by 1. If the monster’s  
health reaches 0, the monster is defeated and 
players immediately win the scenario.  
(See also : Wound  (monster) ) 
 
Health  value/Health points  (Hunter)  
A hunter can sustain damage up to their total health 
value. Your health value is the sum of the health 
points of your helm and armor cards.  
Note:  At any  point during the game, your current 
health is equal to your total health value minus the 
amount of damage you currently sustain.  
(See also : Critical health ) 
 
Immune  to blind  
If a peril card is Immune to blind, you cannot choose 
that card as the target of the blind effect (i.e. you escalates.  
Note:  Resolve  the escalation before triggering the 
[Ability].  
 
Exhaust  
When you are instructed to exhaust a card, place an 
exhausted token on it. That card is considered to be 
blank for the rest of the scenario.  
(See  also: Blank ) 
 
Exposed  side  
Players are only allowed to play attack cards in 
their sequence if they are in a sector on one of the 
monster’s exposed sides. The exposed sides are 
shown in red on the stance card exposure diagram.
Note:  The exposure  diagram is oriented so that the 
front sector is the bottom one, corresponding to the 
monster's front side.  
(See also : Protected side ) 
 
Fatigue  damage  
Each time you empty your deck, you suffer fatigue 
damage. The fatigue damage is equal to your 
weapon level.  
(See also : Empty  (deck) ) 
 
Finisher  
After you play a card with the keyword Finisher in 
your sequence, your Action phase ends (you cannot 
take any more actions).  
 
Firestorm  (Vyraxen ) 
This is a card trait. A trait has no inherent effect in 
the game, but card abilities may reference other 
cards that possess or lack specific traits.   
(See  also: Trait )  
 
First  player  
After the Monster Upkeep phase of each round, the 
aggro player becomes the first player for the current 
round and they take the first player token (placing it 
next to their hunter board).  
In each round, the players take turns clockwise, 
starting with the first player.  
Note:  The first player token is useful for keeping 
track of the player order during the round.  
(See  also: Trait ) 
109

[PAGE 111]
cannot place a blind token on it).  
(See also : Blind ) 
 
Impetus  (Thoreg ) 
This is a card trait. A trait has no inherent effect in 
the game, but card abilities may reference other 
cards that possess or lack specific traits.   
(See  also: Trait ) 
 
Infuriate   X / Y / Z  
During the Monster Upkeep phase of the round, if 
a peril card with the keyword Infuriate is in play, 
the monster gains additional struggle based on the 
number of aggro cards ( ) the players collectively 
have in their hands (i.e. consider the total number 
of aggro cards the players as a group have in their 
hands).  
If they collectively have at least X, but fewer than Y 
aggro cards, the monster gains 1 additional struggle. 
If they have at least Y, but fewer than Z aggro cards, 
the monster gains 2 additional struggle. If they have 
at least Z aggro cards, the monster gains 3 additional 
struggle.  
 
KO’d  / KO token (
 ) 
When your total sustained damage reaches or 
exceeds your health value, you are knocked out 
(KO’d). When you are KO’d, perform the following 
steps in order:
1. If you are the active player, your turn ends 
immediately (skip the rest of your turn).
2. Remove all damage tokens and any other 
tokens from your hunter board.  
Note:  If you have  the aggro token, pass it to the 
first player (if that player is KO’d, pass it to the 
next player in player order instead).
3. Discard your entire hand of cards, as well as any 
cards in your sequence.
4. Add a Wound card to your discard pile and then 
shuffle your discard pile into your deck.
5. Choose either your armor or helm card, but 
not one that is currently depleted, and place a 
deplete token on that card.
6. Lay your miniature down on the board to 
indicate that your hunter is knocked out.7. Take a KO token and place it on your hunter 
board (red side visible).
8. The monster turns to the aggro player.
While you are KO'd, you cannot be the target of any 
card ability or game effect (apart from the Revive 
action).  
When it would normally be your turn but you are 
KO'd, simply flip your KO token to its black side.  
Play then passes to the next player. If your KO token 
is already on its black side, you rise instead.  
Note:  When a  player is KO'd but there are no more 
players standing (i.e. all players are KO'd), you have 
failed the scenario.  
Note:  If you  are KO'd during the resolution of a card 
ability, immediately perform the KO steps.  
Play then continues normally. Resolve any pending 
effects and reveal any behavior cards that were  
triggered before the player was KO'd.  
If the active player is the target of those card abilities, 
those abilities now have no target and so do not take 
effect.  
(See also : Deplete , Health/Health points , Rise , 
Revive , Standing player ) 
 
Legendary  
An equipment card with the keyword Legendary is 
considered to be effective against all monsters in the 
game (including the Awakened ), regardless of their 
elemental weakness.
The rules for effective equipment are explained in 
detail on page 51.  
 
Lose  focus  
If you lose focus, flip your mastery card to its 
unfocused side, which locks your mastery ability. To 
unlock your mastery again, you will need to refocus 
your mastery card.  
 
Move  / Movement  
When a card ability or other game effect says you 
must/may move, that means you must/may perform 
a movement that places your hunter in a sector 
adjacent to your current one. Unless otherwise 
specified, moving always cost 1 stamina.  
(See also : Paying a stamina cost ) 
 
110

[PAGE 112]
Opening : [Ability]  
A card ability that begins with the keyword Opening 
means the [Ability] is only triggered if  that card is the 
first card in your sequence.  
 
Permanent  
Peril and objective cards with the keyword Permanent 
do not get removed from the game when their 
associated stance is complete.  
Instead, they stay in play until the end of the scenario.  
 
Protected  side  
Players cannot play attack cards in their sequence 
while they are in one of the sectors on the monster's 
protected side .  
The protected sides are shown in black on the stance 
card exposure diagram.  
Note:  The exposure  diagram is oriented so that 
front sector is the bottom one, corresponding to the 
monster's front side.  
(See  also: Exposed side ) 
 
Reaction  icon  
Each behavior card has a reaction icon (on the 
back of the card) that indicates a specific triggering 
condition. All behavior card reaction icons are 
explained on page 93.  
 
Recycle  (X)  
This is a keyword ability. When you are instructed to 
Recycle X, you may discard X cards of your choice 
from your hand to draw X.  
Note:  Some  card abilities may force you to perform 
Recycle by saying " you must recycle X ". In those 
cases, you have to discard X and then draw X.  
 
Reflexes  (Hurom ) 
This is a card trait. A trait has no inherent effect in 
the game, but card abilities may reference other 
cards that possess or lack specific traits.  
(See also: Trait ) 
 
Resilience  
This is a keyword ability. After you suffer , you may 
reveal a card with the keyword Resilience from your 
hand to draw 1.  
Note:  You can  only reveal each card with Resilience once per round this way.  
(See  also: ) 
 
Resistant  
When you complete a stance card with the keyword 
Resistant, do not carry any excess damage over to 
the next stance.  
 
Retaliate  [Color]: [Ability]  
This is a keyword ability. A card ability text that 
begins with the keyword Retaliate followed by a 
specific color requirement means that whenever you 
suffer , you may reveal the corresponding [Color] 
from your hand to trigger the [Ability].  
Note:  For each   you suffer, you can only trigger the 
[Ability] once (even if you revealed multiple [Color]).
Note:  [Color] may  be a single card requirement (e.g. 
) or a specific set of multiple cards (e.g. , 
,  or more).  
If multiple cards are required, you must reveal all 
those exact cards in those specific colors, at the 
same time, to be able to trigger the [Ability].  
 
Reveal  an action card  
If you are instructed to reveal an action card, it 
means you have to show that card to the other 
players without playing it.  
 
Riding  check  
When you are instructed to perform a riding check, 
resolve the following steps in order: 
1. Reveal the top card of the attrition deck and the 
top card of your action deck. 
2. Compare the attrition value of the revealed 
attrition card with the number of stamina icons 
on the revealed action card.  
If the number of stamina icons is equal to 
or higher than the attrition value, deal your 
weapon damage to the monster and choose a 
sector on the board to place your miniature in.  
If it is lower, suffer  and place your miniature 
in the front sector.
3. Discard both cards.
Note:  If you  are KO'd as a consequence of a riding 
check, place your miniature in the front sector and 
then follow the usual KO steps.  
111

[PAGE 113]
Rise  
A player rises when they come back into the 
fight after being KO'd. When you rise, perform the 
following steps: 
1. Discard your KO token.
2. Draw up to your hand size limit.
3. Stand your miniature up on the board to  
show that you are no longer KO'd.
4. Play passes to the next player.
Note:  When  you rise, your health value decreases 
because depleted equipment does not add its health 
points to your health value.  
(See  also: KO’d , Deplete , Revive )  
 
Sequence  
During your Action phase, you can play up to 5 action 
cards from your hand, resolving them one at a time. 
The row of cards you play from left to right is called 
your sequence.  
The sequence shows the order in which you play 
your action cards and it is significant for many game 
effects (e.g. triggering abilities, monster’s reactions 
and so on).  
Note: You must resolve all the game effects related 
to a card (including any triggered abilities and any 
monster reactions, which are explained in detail 
on page 31), before playing another card in your 
sequence.  
Note:  Your  standard sequence limit is 5, which 
means you cannot play more than 5 action cards per 
turn. However, there are specific card abilities and 
game effects that increase/decrease your sequence 
limit, thereby modifying the maximum number of 
cards you can play during your turn.  
 
Setup: [Instructions]  
Resolve the [instructions] of any card with the 
keyword Setup at the beginning of a scenario.  
 
Shield  (X)  
Each time any source of damage deals damage to 
the monster, reduce that damage by X if the current 
stance card has the keyword Shield X.  
Note:  The damage  reduction is applied to each 
source of damage.  
(See  also: Source of damage ) Slash  (Dareon ) 
This is a card trait. A trait has no inherent effect in 
the game, but card abilities may reference other 
cards that possess or lack specific traits.   
(See also: Trait ) 
 
Source  of damage  
A source of damage is any effect in the game that 
causes the monster (or any hunter) to suffer damage. 
The most common examples of sources of damage 
are attack cards or any card abilities that say “deal 
damage” .  
 
Stamina  (Generate stamina)  
When you pay a stamina cost, you need to generate 
stamina to pay that cost. To generate stamina, a 
player needs to discard cards from their hand (or 
discard stamina tokens, if they have any). Each card 
discarded this way generates 1 stamina for each  
shown in its bottom left corner.  
Note: You may discard multiple cards until you 
generate enough stamina to pay a cost.  
If you generate more stamina than you need to pay a 
cost, any surplus stamina is lost.  
Note:  When  paying a stamina cost, you may also 
discard stamina tokens to generate 1 stamina for 
each token discarded this way.  
(See  also: Stamina token  ( ), Stamina cost ) 
 
Stamina  (Stamina cost)  
Many effects in the game require players to pay a 
stamina cost (moving or playing action cards in your 
sequence are the most common examples). To pay 
a stamina cost, a player must generate stamina by 
discarding cards from their hand (or by discarding 
stamina tokens, if they have any).  
Note 1:  A printed  stamina cost of X on an action card 
means that you can decide the value of that stamina 
cost (you can also choose it to be 0). As the ability 
text will explain, that card ability will depend upon 
the cost you decide to pay.  
Note 2:  Card  abilities cannot reduce the stamina 
cost of cards with printed cost of X.  
Note 3 : When  a card ability text or a game effect 
says a player must pay , that  is a stamina cost .
(See  also: Generate stamina , Stamina token , ) 
 
112

[PAGE 114]
Stamina  token ( ) 
When you gain a stamina token, place it on your 
hunter board. When you are paying a stamina cost, 
you may discard this token to generate 1 stamina.
Note:  Unless  otherwise specified by card abilities, 
you cannot hold more than 1 stamina token.  
(See  also: Stamina cost , Generate stamina , ) 
 
Stance  II/III: [Ability]  
When a card ability begins with the keyword Stance 
II/III, it means you can only resolve the [Ability] if the 
monster is in Stance II or III.  
 
Standing  player  
A standing player is a player that is not currently 
KO’d.  
(See  also: KO’d  and Rise ) 
 
Start : [Ability]  
A card ability that begins with the keyword Start 
means the [Ability] is triggered at the start of your 
turn. 
Note:  If multiple  card abilities with this keyword are 
triggered, you can decide the order in which you 
resolve those abilities.  
 
Stealth  
This is a keyword ability. When you play an action 
card with the keyword Stealth in your sequence, that 
card do not trigger reaction icons containing color or 
card type icons (i.e. , , , , etc.).  
All the behavior reaction icons are explained in detail 
on page 93.  
 
Strain  token  (-1) 
When you take a strain token, place it on your hunter 
board. Then the next time you refill your hand, 
discard all your strain tokens and draw one card 
fewer for each strain token discarded this way.  
 
Stun  
This is a keyword ability. When you stun the monster, 
place the corresponding stun token on a behavior 
card that is in play. That card cannot be triggered this 
round.  
Then choose a player, who reveals up to two attack 
cards from their hand and deals their weapon damage to the monster for each card revealed this way.  
Note:  The stun  token ( ) on a behavior card 
keeps track of the stunned effect. Discard it once you 
have resolved any "at the end of the round" effects.  
Note:  You cannot  place more than 1 stun token on a 
behavior card. If you would normally stun the  
monster but the monster is already stunned, do not 
place a stun token. You can, however, move the stun 
token to a different behavior card in play.  
You still choose another player to reveal attack cards 
and deal their weapon damage to the monster, as the 
normal Stun effect states.  
 
Target  
If a game effect or any card ability is  
directed towards a game element, that element is 
said to be the target of that effect or ability.  
 
Taunt  
This is a keyword ability. During another player’s 
turn, you may taunt the monster by discarding a card 
with the keyword Taunt from your hand. If you do, the 
active player draws 1, you take the aggro token and 
the monster immediately turns to your sector.  
Note:  You may  only taunt the monster once per turn.  
 
Threatened  
When you become threatened, take a threatened 
token and place it on your hunter board. 
During the attrition check, if you are threatened, you 
must draw 2 attrition cards instead of 1 and use the 
attrition card that gives the worst outcome in terms 
of avoiding attrition damage.  
Note 1:  When  you move, discard your threatened 
token.  
Note 2:  If you  would normally become threatened 
but are already threatened, keep the threatened 
token (each player can only have a maximum of 1 
threatened token) and trigger any effects that are 
activated by you becoming threatened.  
(See also: Attrition check , Avoid attrition damage , 
Move/Movement ) 
 
Threatened  sector  
A sector is said to be threatened if it includes at least 
one threatened player.  
 
113

[PAGE 115]
Toughness  
Each stance card has a toughness value, which 
determines how difficult it is to inflict a wound on the 
monster.  
To inflict a wound, players must deal a cumulative 
amount of damage to the monster equal to the 
toughness value.  
Note:  The toughness value is always given by a 
number displayed on the stance card multiplied by 
the number of players (more details about dealing 
damage and inflicting wounds are on page 23).  
(See also : Wound ) 
 
Trait  
Traits can be found on action cards (e.g. Aim, Slash , 
Impetus ) and behavior cards (e.g. Firestorm, Claw, 
Water Cycle ). They have no inherent effect in the 
game, but some card abilities reference other cards 
that possess or lack specific traits.  
Note:  In action  cards, traits are located at the bottom 
of the card, whereas in behavior cards, they appear 
above the ability text.  
 
Unleash  
When the monster gains a certain amount of 
struggle, if the total struggle accumulated is equal 
to (or higher than) 3 , i.e. 3 per player, the monster 
immediately unleashes. 
When the monster unleashes, resolve the following 
steps, in order:
1. All players immediately suffer  (this damage is 
referred to as Unleash damage).
2. Remove struggle tokens until the monster has 
1.
 
Unleash : [Ability]  
A card ability that begins with the keyword Unleash 
means the [Ability] is triggered when the monster 
unleashes . 
 
Unstoppable  
While the monster is unstoppable, each time a 
behavior card is triggered, the monster gains 1 
struggle (after that card has been resolved).  
 
 Volley  X 
This is a keyword ability which means you may 
discard X cards from the top of your deck and deal 
damage to the monster equal to your weapon level 
for each offensive card ( ) discarded this way.  
Note:  The total damage you deal when resolving a 
Volley effect is considered to be a single source of 
damage.  
(See  also: Source of Damage ) 
 
Vulnerable  
This is a keyword ability. When you inflict  
Vulnerable, place the vulnerable token ( ) on 
the monster board. While the monster is vulnerable, 
when you or another player deal damage to the 
monster, you may discard the vulnerable token to 
double that damage.  
At the end of the round, if it is in play, remove the 
vulnerable token from the monster board.  
Note 1:  The effect  of Vulnerable doubles the amount 
of damage caused by a single source of damage.
Note 2:  You cannot inflict Vulnerable if the monster is 
already vulnerable.  
(See  also: Source of damage ) 
 
Water  Cycle (Korowon ) 
This is a card trait. A trait has no inherent effect in 
the game, but card abilities may reference other 
cards that possess or lack specific traits.   
(See  also: Trait ) 
 
Weapon  damage/+X damage  
The weapon damage is the printed damage value 
on your weapon card plus any modifiers from card 
abilities or other effects in the game.  
Note:  If a weapon  gains +X damage (or is said to 
have +X damage) as the result of a card ability, the 
weapon damage is modified by +X for the duration 
specified in that ability text (if it is not specified, the 
weapon damage is modified for the entire duration of 
the scenario).  
You may place the bonus damage tokens  (+3 +1) 
on your weapon card to keep track of the modified 
damage value.  
(See also : Base weapon damage ) 
 
 
114

[PAGE 116]
Weapon  level  
Your weapon level (i.e. level 1, level 2 or level 3) is 
shown in the top right corner of your weapon card, 
below the weapon name.  
(See  also: Weapon damage ,  ,  ,  , ) 
 
When  focused: [Ability]  
If your mastery ability text begins with "When 
focused" , it means the [Ability] is triggered when you 
focus that mastery card (i.e. immediately after you 
flip it and unlock the ability).  
 
When  revealed: [Ability]  
When you complete a stance, you reveal the card 
that corresponds to the next stance. If that card 
ability begins with "When revealed" , trigger its 
[Ability].  
Note:  When  a stance card is revealed, if the monster 
currently sustains enough damage to suffer a wound, 
inflict that wound before triggering the "When  
revealed"  ability.  
 Wound /Inflict a wound/Suffer a 
wound  
Every time the monster suffers a wound, reduce the 
monster’s health by 1.  
When the monster is reduced to 0 health, you have 
defeated it and immediately win the scenario.
There are two ways that the monster can suffer a 
wound:
 •Players can inflict a wound by dealing the  
       amount of damage required by the stance’s  
       toughness value (dealing damage and inflicting  
       wounds are explained in detail on page 23).
 •A card ability might say that the monster suffers  
       a wound under specific game conditions.  
 When a card ability says that the monster  
 suffers a wound, players must immediately  
 reduce the monster’s health by 1 and then   
 check the current stance progression value to  
 see if the monster advances to the next stance.  
 (See also: Health  (monster) , Hardened ).
115

[PAGE 117]
INDEX
A
 
Acceleration, 106  
    Acceleration token 106
Achievement, 56, 61  
    Achievement system, 56
Action card, 9, 21  
    Playing action cards, 21  
    (Action) Card ID, 9, 49
Action phase, 19, 21, 26
Action (keyword), 106
Active player, 17 , 106
Adjacent sector, 106
Aggression level, 60, 65  
    Aggression icons, 60
Aggro card, 21  
    Aggro player, 16, 106  
    Aggro token, 16, 17 , 21, 106
Arkeum token (Hurom), 97
Assist 24, 106
Attrition phase 19, 27  
    Attrition card, 27  
    Attrition check, 27 , 106  
    Attrition damage, 27  
    Attrition value, 27  
    Avoid attrition damage, 27 , 106  
    Current attrition level, 108  
    Special attrition cards, 98, 100  
 
B
 
Baethanis (terrain), 89
Ballista token 79, 99
Behavior card, 6, 31, 32, 34  
    Behavior card in play, 106  
    Behavior card resolution, 32  
    Multiple behavior card resolution, 34  
    Behavior refresh, 17Blank, 107
Blind, 107  
    Immune to blind, 109
Boost effect, 6, 32  
    Boost cost, 6, 32
Brush (terrain), 89
Burning, 107  
 
C
 
Card pool, 49
Campaign mode, 37  
    Campaign book, 37 , 53, 55, 58, 59, 61  
    Campaign chapter, 37 , 58  
    Campaign setup, 55
Campaign sheet, 56
Cancel the effects, 107
Captured, 107
Character sheet, 57
Charge track (Jekoros), 95
Combat board, 11
Component list, 39
Confuse, 107
Consume, 18, 107
Counter, 108
Crafting phase, 58  
    How to craft equipment, 45
Crafting resources, 44  
    Elements, 44  
    Materials, 44  
    Resource conversion, 46  
    Trading resources, 45
Cyricae (terrain), 89
 
116

[PAGE 118]
D
 
Damage (to the monster), 23  
    Source of damage, 112
Dazed, 108
Debility card (Orouxen), 96
Deckbuilding, 50
Defense token, 108
Deplete token, 30, 108
Disrupt token, 108
Dust token (Toramat, Dygorax), 95  
 
E
 
Elemental weakness, 51, 52
Empty, 108
End of round, 17
End of the action phase, 26
End of turn, 19, 30
End of the scenario, 61
End of the campaign, 62
Enhancement (keyword), 108
Equipment card, 10, 45  
    Upgrade equipment, 46  
    How to craft equipment, 45  
    Special equipment set, 102  
    Effective equipment, 51
Escalation, 33, 108
Exhaust, 109
Expedition mode, 65  
    Expedition scenarios, 67-80
Exposed sides, 22, 109  
    Protected, 22, 111  
 
F
 
Fatigue damage, 30, 109
Finisher, 109
Fire (terrain), 89First player, 109
Focus (mastery card), 10, 25, 104, 115  
    How to focus your mastery, 25  
    Lose focus, 110
Fog (terrain), 90
Forge, 43  
    Forge card, 43, 45  
    Upgrading the Forge, 44  
 
H
 
Hand size limit, 30, 109 
Hardened, 109
Hardening track (Toramat, Dygorax), 95
Heal, 109
Health points (hunter), 10, 29, 109
Health track (monster), 6, 23
Health value (hunter), 10, 29, 109  
    Critical health, 108
Herbalist, 47  
    Herbalist card, 47 , 48  
    Upgrading the Herbalist, 47
How to save the game, 62
Hunt phase, 58, 59
Hunter board, 8
Hunter decklists, 81  
    Dareon, 81  
    Mirah, 83  
    Thoreg, 85  
    Ljonar, 87
Hunter’s Trial (variant rule), 63  
 
I
 
Icons, 103  
    color icons, 103  
    card type icons, 103  
    general icons, 103  
    triggering icons, 104
Infuriate, 110
Instinct behavior card (The Awakened), 101  
117

[PAGE 119]
 K
 
KO, 29, 110  
    KO token, 29, 110  
 
L
 
Legendary, 110  
 
M
 
Mastery card, 10  
    How to focus your mastery card, 25
Monster board, 5
Monster orientation, 11, 12
Monster rotation (step), 30
Monster setup (campaign scenario), 60 
Monster trophy, 5, 91
Movement, 19, 110
Movement phase, 19  
 
O
 
Objective card, 7
Opening, 11  
 
P
 
Peril card, 7
Permanent, 111
Plant resources, 47  
    Trading plants, 48
Plateau (terrain), 90
Player Turns, 17 , 19  
    Player’s turn structure, 19
Potion card, 18  
    Consuming potions, 18, 107  
    Preparing potions, 48  
 
 
 Q
 
Quest cards, 53, 54  
Quest board, 54  
Quest expiration, 54  
Quest number, 53
Questboard phase, 58  
 
R
 
Rampage card, 33  
    Reaction icon, 31, 93, 111
Reaction system, 31
Recycle, 111
Refill your hand, 30
Resilience, 111
Resistant, 111
Retaliate, 111
Revive action, 21, 26
Reward card, 61  
    Special Equipment Set, 102
Riding check, 111
Rise, 29, 112
Rock (terrain), 90
Round structure, 17
Rumble card (Ozew), 96  
 
S
 
Sand (terrain), 90
Scenario setup (campaign), 59
Scenario setup (expedition), 65
Sealed Envelope, 101
Sector (Front, Flank and Rear), 11, 12
Sequence, 21, 24, 112  
    Sequence and triggered abilities, 24
Shield, 112
Skill Tree, 49
Signature behavior card (The Awakened), 101
118

[PAGE 120]
Solo mode, 8
Stamina, 20  
    Generate stamina, 20, 112  
    Stamina cost, 20, 112  
    Stamina token, 26, 113
Stance card  
    Stance progression
Standing player, 113
Starter deck, 14  
     Starting equipment, 14
Stealth, 113
Storm track (The Awakened), 100
Story phase, 58
Strain token, 113
Struggle, 18
Stun, 113
Success and failure conditions, 35
Swarm card (Ozew), 97
Synaerea (terrain), 90  
 
T
 
Target, 113
Taunt, 113
Terrains, 12, 89
The Awakened, 99
Threatened, 19, 113  
    Threatened sector, 113
Timing (card resolution timing), 35Toughness, 23, 113
Trait 114
Trigger token, 34
Triggered abilities, 24, 26  
 
U
 
Unleash, 18, 114
Unstoppable, 114
Upgrade cards, 49
Monster Upkeep (step), 17  
 
V
 
Volley, 114
Vulnerable, 114  
 
W
 
Water (terrain), 90
Weapon card, 10
Weapon damage, 10, 114  
    Base weapon damage, 106  
    +X damage, 114  
    Weapon level, 115
Wildmaw (terrain), 90
Wound (monster), 23  
    Inflict/Suffer a wound, 23
Wound card, 30
119

[PAGE 121]
BOTTOM TRAYTOP TRAYCOMPONENTS STORAGE
STANDARD  
CARDS
BOARDS, SHEETS AND 
PUNCHBOARDS
SQUARE  
CARDS
MINI  
CARDS
OVERSIZED  
CARDS
HUROM
OZEW
TARRAGUA
TORAMAT
OROUXEN
MORKRAAS
 JEKOROS
DYGORAX
 VYRAXEN
THE AWAKENED
 DAREON
MIRAH
 THOREG
LJONAR
KOROWON
FELAXIR
KHARJA
120

[PAGE 122]
© 2021 Reggie s.r.l. - All rights reserved.
No part of this publication may be reproduced, distributed, or transmitted in any form or by any means, 
including photocopying, recording, or other electronic or mechanical methods, without the prior written 
permission of the publisher, except in the case of brief quotations embodied in critical reviews and 
certain other noncommercial uses permitted by copyright law.CREDITS 
Game Design and Development:  Tommaso Mondadori, Alberto Parisi 
Rulebook:  Tommaso Mondadori, Giovanni Gambarelli 
Rulebook Proofreading:  Board Game Circus (Harriet Cooper) 
Playtest:  Play Up Game Studio 
Art Direction:  Tommaso Mondadori, Laura Valdinoci 
Worldbuilding and Narrative Design:  Tommaso Mondadori, Giovanni Gambarelli, Laura Valdinoci 
Writers:  Laura Valdinoci, Tommaso Mondadori
Other contributors: Lorenzo Trebbi, Maurizio Landini, Tommaso Tafani
English Translation and Proofreading:  Ciarán Michael Durkan, Margherita Zottola for Centro Linguistico Cesena
Translation and Content Review:  Laura Valdinoci, Sara Baroni
Graphic Design:  Daniel Comerci
Graphic Layout:  Alberto Parisi, Elisa Amadori
Art: Daniel Comerci, Consuelo Pecchenino, Francesco Sala, Arianna Gelloni,  
Camille Alquier, Leonardo Casciarola 
Sculpting:  Daniele Angelozzi, Alessandro Depaoli, Andrea Di Natale 
Miniatures Consultant:  Michael King 
Production Management:  Alberto Parisi, Tommaso Mondadori, Luca Ricci

[PAGE 123]


[PAGE 124]


